BAHAI NEWS 9
THE MASHRAK-ELAZKAR IN AMERICA.
When the friends gathered again in the fall after
the usual scattering for the summer months it was
found the contributions. were coming in very slowly
for the Mashrak-el-Azkar fund. The Executive Board
of Bahai Temple Unity met early in October and
sent out a call to the friends through the pages of
the BAHAI NEWS. Statements of the financial condi-
tion have followed each month and the Financial
Secretary is glad to be able to report to the friends
that from Maine to California, and Canada to Flor-
ida, the friends have arisen to meet the January
note. It was not until Christmas day, however, when
a contribution from the Assembly of Seattle, Wash-
ington, was received and our receipts amounted to
$788 and our deficit was $74.2, that the Temple Unity
found itself delivered from a deficit by one of the
noblest efforts of united arising we believe history
has ever known. Since the first general Convention
in March, 1909, the Executive Board has paid oft'
$20,000 on the Mashrak-el-Azkar site, leaving only a
mortgage of was already on the land
When secured and which was extended for two years.
Abdul-Baha says: "In Eshkabad, the believers of
God made the erection of the Temple conducive to
afiinity and unity, so that it really became the cause
of Oneness of the Word. Ye also make the erection
of the Temple in America conducive to the Unity
and Oneness of the believers, of the maid-servants
and servants of the Merciful, so that in one thought,
one aim they engage themselves in the building of
the Temple."
From the above words it is clear that the great
Unity being formed by the Mashrak-el-Azkar will be
the magnet to attract to America a visit from Abdul-
Baha. Therefore, let us continue to strive and sacri-
fice for this noble Edifice and prepare it to be dedi-
cated by his presence.
The Executive Board extends to all its deepest
gratitude for their noble support in this critical time.
Corinne True.
The price of the Bahai collection of ten songs.
the words and music by Mrs. Louise R. been re-
duced from twenty cents to ten cents per copy. The proceeds
from the sale of these books are devoted to the Mashrak-el
Azkar fund. Orders should be sent to the composer, 5217
Winthrop Avenue, Otto the Bahai Publishing Society. P. O. Box 283,
Chicago, Ill.

