10 BAHAI NEWS
of it in detail. There we saw a beautiful demonstra-
tion of the power of the love of El-Baha glowing in
the heart and soul of the simple jungle man.
Hearing of our arrival in Rangoon, four of the
Kungyangoon woman and three men-
set out to convey to the Rangoon friends and to us
the greeting of their assembly, and to ask us to visit
their part of the country. After an all-night journey
on foot, they reached the Mashrak-el-Azkar, fatigued
in body but fresh in spirit. Then it was arranged that
at the end of fifteen days the visit should take place,
the interim giving them ample time to finish their
harvesting and to arrange for our reception. After
a day or two of repose and meeting with the believers,
these faithful friends left us to return to their village.
From the doorway of the Mashrak-el-Azkar I watched
them disappear into the night. With sandled feet
and staff in hand, they made a picture not to be
forgotten.
The assembly in Kungyangoon is of recent origin.
Three years ago there were no Bahais there, but
now they number four or five hundred souls. The
foundation was as follows: A Kungyangooni named
K0-Chit-Thoon was in Rangoon and in trouble. The
believers there befriended him and finally Seyyed
Mustapha Roemi went with him to his home, in order
to further assist him. During this visit K0-Chit-Thoon
and some of his neighbors became so much interested
in the Holy Cause that Seyyed Mustapha Roemi began
to preach in the Mosque, giving the Message to the
whole community. This was the beginning. Through
several successive visits a great work has been done.
All has not gone smoothly, either. There has been
great opposition upon the part of the Musselrnen of
the vicinity, but now these matters are better than in
the beginning.
In due time another delegation of friends arrived
from Kungyangoon to remind us of our promise, and
to assure us that all was in readiness for our visit.
Accordingly our party was formed, containing in all
twelve believers. During two days elaborate prepara-
tions for the excursion were under way. All manner
of culinary apparatus, table furniture, mats and car-
pets, bales of bedding, folding cots, a bath tub, bases
of provisions and the like were collected and packed,
for we were going into the jungle where all things
needful had to be taken with us. One of the Kung-
yangoonis preceded us by one day with the heavy
luggage. while we took with us the remainder, con-
sisting of about forty pieces. A boat ride of nine or
ten hours thro the inlets and lagoons of the delta
brought us to the landing of the Kungyangoon where
a crowd of believers received us. Here we climb_ed
into bullock carts, which conveyed the party a dis-
tance of about four miles to the center of the com-
munity where stood the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
Some time after the establishment of the Cause in
this place, the Mosque, in which the Message had first
been given, was destroyed by a cyclone. As practic-illy
all of those who formerly worshipped there were then

