BAHAI NEWS 19
should be purchased and mailed as soon as possible. The funds
from active memberships are, according to the Constitution, de-
voted to scholarships.
The new school for girls in Teheran is in the process of
formation, and its doors will soon be opened.
Consideration is now being given to an important subject,
concerning which we desire the opinion of the friends in gen-
eral, and some assurances of co-operation. Reference is had
to a plan of educating each year in America one Persian stu-
dent, under the auspices of the Society. It will be necessary
to provide a home for this student, and any of the friends
who are willing to support a scholar will greatly facilitate our
work if they will notify the Secretary. It is understood that
the traveling expenses of the student will be defrayed by the
friends in Persia. When we have the necessary assurance
here, we can then draw up rules which will be a guide in
choosing the holder of the scholarship. ,For example: (1) He
should know his own language well. (2) He should be recom-
mended by the Executive Committee of the Association in Te-
heran. (3) He should speak and write English sufficiently
to have no difficulty in making himself understood here. (4)
His traveling expenses are to be paid by the Persians friends.
(5) He should be between 14 and 20 years of age. (6) He
should have a fair knowledge in primary education. (7) When
his education shall have been completed, he should return to
Persia and serve or teach in the schools for a term of years,
according to the decision of the Committee, etc.
It is desired to know in advance Whether the active mem-
bers of last year are willing to renew their scholarships. In-
formation to this effect should be in the hands of the Secre-
tary soon, so that preparations may be made accordingly. Mr.
William Remy and Mrs. May Maxwell have already renewed
their scholarships for 1911.
A new scholarship has been received since the last report.
No. 56, from the Women's Assembly of Kenosha, Wis.
More Associate members are needed, to meet the increasing
expenses of the Society, while active members are in urgent
demand.
The commercial aspect of the Society is developing. For
example, an inquiry has just been received from Esphahan con-
cerning the installation of American telephones in the city;
also concerning a typewriter having Persian characters. The
Society is endeavoring to furnish this information and trying
thus to open the door of commercial intercourse.
The inauguration of the Orient-Occident Unity, the successor
May, will necessitate some expense,
and contributions for that purpose will be most welcome.
The return of Mr. Sydney Sprague, who is now in Alexan-
dria, to Teheran, is much doubted, and the latest news from
one of the members of the Executive Committee in Teheran is
that they may call upon us at an early date to find them an
American Bahai teacher who can fill the post. There is a
salary attached to this position.
It is possible that Mirza Azizollah Khan, with whom Mr.
Sprague lived during his stay in Teheran. may come to Amer-
ica as a Persian delegate to the P. A. E. S. General Annual
Meeting, and also attend the Mashrak-el-Azkar Convention as
a delegate from the Oriental Bahais.
The circle of activity and the influence of the Society is
widening daily. It is assured that with the active co-operation
of the friends and the assistance of all far-sighted men and
women it will soon become what Abdul-Baha prophetically
says: "The greatest Society of the world; produce inexhausti-
ble results and benefits; become the tree of the oneness of the
realm of humanity and cast its all-encircling shade over the
people of the East and the West."
Josnrn H. I-IANNEN, Corresponding Secretary.

