'2 A A I 
my Lord, reveal through them the ensign of
Unity among mankind and the flag of Love be-
tween nations, so that multiplicities may converge
into the centre of oneness and harmony, the veils
of hatred be rent asunder, the conditions of dis-
cord pass away and enmity and rancor vanish from
the world of man, so that after disunion the Be-
loved of Union shall unveil her countenance,
animosity be changed into affection, the reign of
faction and feud come to an end, and success and
prosperity be attained.
my Lord, strengthen their backs in their serv-
ice, gird up their loins in their adoration, dilate
their breasts with the light of Thy Knowledge,
illumine the eyes by beholding Thy Face, gladden
their spirits by the significances of Thy Providence
and purify their souls by the appearance of Thy
Compassion. Verily Thou art the Merciful, the
Clement, the Almighty, the Bestower, the Uncon-
strained! There is no God but Thee, the Giver,
the Pardoner, the Hidden, the Manifest and the
Source of Bounties!
0 ye friends of God! Joy" and happiness of
the people of faithfulness consists in serving the
Threshold of the Most High and turning their
faces to the Kingdom of Anna. The hope of the
lovers is self-sacrifice, and the yearning of the
longing ones is self-eifacement and evanescence.
For love is an irresistible power and an inextin-
guishable conflagration and the mirror of the love
of God is the great Therefore, the
sanctified souls and the Manifestations of God
yearned for selflabnegation and attainment to the
city of They gave up their lives, ex-
perienced exile and banishment, endured persecu-
tion and dire calamities, became subject to im-
prisonment and bondage and the targets of the
arrows of oppression, and objects of the sword of
malice. They did not complain, neither did they
-become disheartened. They drank the cup of
from the Hand of the Cup~Bearer of
Providence, and tasted with the greatest joy the
sweetness of annihilation. They found not a
moment of rest. They sought not an instant of
tranquillity. They withstood the persecution of

