14? BAI-IAI NEVVS
NEW-S FROM GERMANY.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
Through Monsieur Dreyfus, to the friends and maid-servants of
God, Stuttgart, Germany:
Upon them be the glory of El-Abha!
HE IS eon!
so/ns and do-ughters of the Kmgdom.'
Your letter which Was Written on the Day of
Naurooz in the assembly of the friends, has arrived.
Its contents told of spiritual happenings and feelings
of attraction. Its reading brought me the utmost
happiness, for--Praise be to God!--in Germany, the
servants and the maid-servants of the Rahman have
adorned a gathering of friendship and love in the
Day of Naurooz, have perfumed their nostrils with
the vivifying breezes of the divine garden, and have
been mentioning the King of the Kingdom and the
Lord of Hosts.
Therefore, Abdul-Baha has been praying and sup-
plicating to the VVord of God that these servants and
maid-servants of the Rahman may day by day be-
come more brilliant and make greater progress, pene-
trate the mysteries of the Kingdom, become the cause
of the diffusing of the principles of human unity,
call every one to the Shade of the Tent of harmony
and instruction of mankind, become the cause of en-
lightenment of these regions, make the hearts filled
With the love of the bountiful Beloved ,and attract
the people to the divine Kingdom, so that during the
coming year they may make still greater progress.
The flowers which were inside of your letter were
exceedingly sweet, delicate and perfumed; it told of
the sweetness of your countenances and characters.
Upon you all be the glory of God.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA. ABBAS.
LETTERS FROM STUTTGART.
To the dear friends in America:
Our assembly remembers with love all the friends, especially
those in America, to whom we owe such boundless thanks for
sending to us a teacher. who with great love and patience led
us to the True Path. Through our beloved Miss Knoblock and'
through the BAHAI we know that, also. in America
teachers are necessary. yet. nevertheless, a teacher decided to
acquaint her old Fatherland with the joyous Message. The
Lord be thanked, therefore, a thousand times!
Our constant prayer is that We may become more and more
Worthy of our Great Teachers, and Abdul-Baha.
We, therefore, beseech the friends to support us in this our
prayer as we also remember them in our prayers. 
With the inmost Bahai greeting, we are yours sincerely,
M.- 

