BAHAI NEIVS 7
MARRIAGE OF l\'lPt. SYDNEY SPRAGUE AND
FARAHANGIZ KHANUM.
Extract from a. letter written by Mr. Sydney
Sprague, from Haifa, Syria, Aug. 3, 191.0, to Dr.
Susan I. Moody, Teheran, Persia:
Now I know you will want to hear all about my marriage.
The first part took place July 20th, which happened to be the
feast day or Elijah, the Prophet, and Mt. Carmel was en fete.
Abdul-Baha, himself. appointed the day so that Mr. Cobb could
be left the next day.
On that day all the pilgrims and the Bahais of Haifa gath-
ered in the home of Mirza Assad Ullah, and Abdul-Baha was
pres-ent. A wonderinl Tablet, which he had re-
vealed especially for our niarriage, was chanted. and after the
special prayers revealed by for such occasions
were chanted, Abdul-Baha gave a long. beautiful talk, dwell-
ing on the great of this union and calling down
the blessing of God upon it. Then I had the great joy of
pouring rose water, which I had brought from the garden of
Kurat-ul-Ayn in Kazvin, on the. hands of Abdul-Bnha and all
the guests and of serving them to shereeni (sweets), tea, etc.
In another place was holding a meeting for women.
These meetings took place a little before sunset. Four days
later a Mulla came and married us according to the laws of
Islam, Abdul-Baha also being present. Then that same night
he called and me to him, and as we knelt before
him, he took from his haml two rings and gave thein to us,
anointed our heads with oil and sent us forth hand in hand from
his presence, uplifted with pure and holy joy. Oh! I am sure
no wedding was ever more sacred. more pure, more beautiful.
All of the holy household were present. All of them have shown
us such love and kindness. The Greatest Holy Leaf has given
me a ring she used to wear and she, herself, prepared Fara-
hangiz for the wedding~--a thing she has never done before,
saying that Farahangiz was her 0Wn daughter. She and the
holy mother and all sent us beautiful presents. Abdul-Baha
presented us each with our wedding clothes. Is it possible
for any one to be more blest on this earth than We? Ought
not this union to be a very happy one and endure throughout
all eternity as Abdul-Baha said?
There were several p'lgrZ1ns here from Eschkabad, Baghdad
and Kazvin, and I entertained them and the Bahais of Haifa
at a dinner, entertaining the women. I forgot to
say that on the day of our wedding Abdul-I-I:1ha sent me with
his sons-in-law and grandchildren to pray at the Holy Tomb.
Now we are settled at the home of our parents and are very
happy. Each day as we grow to know each other better our
love deepens. I could never have found a more loving, de-
voted, beautiful wife either East or West. She is willing to
go anywhere with me.

NEIVS ITEMS.
A daughter was born to Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Windust at
Chicago. October 3d.
We are asked to announce that Mrs. F. S. Smith, 3 Church
Place. North Adams, Mass, will gladly entertain any visiting
believers.
Books, magazines. etc., for the Persian-American Educational
Society should be sent as heretofore requested. either direct to
address given in IPAT-TAT No.' 10, or to Mrs. C. S. Coles,
Librarian. 310 The Burlington, Washington, D. C.

