10 BAHAI NEWS
I mentioned that this is an important event in
their lives; they have thrown down one rule, for
once, that is, to show their faces to the world. I
cannot describe to you how they are deprived.
Again today I was in a home--the wife's mother
was closely veiled because the husband's young
brother was in the room; and later all the women
left the room because two men friends of the fam-
ily were coming. I could stay and enjoy hearing
the newcomers tell of a recent trip to Russia, etc.
On leaving I went to say good bye to the women--
their rooms are in an entirely separate court, as
if in another house. A man servant passed just
as I raised the heavy curtain to leave, and all the
women screamed and pulled down their veils, or
drew the "chadur" up over their mouth and nose.
The husband we met in Paris and since being on
the continent he is anxious to help free the women
from their dreary life.
The hospital business is now arranged and after
this week I am to be there with the other doctors
in the afternoons.
I met another, a non-Bahai doctor, this morning,
and he asked me to assist him in an operation
later. I liked him and hope to establish pleasant
relations with them all. A son of one of the four
"Hands of the Cause" enabi Adub), whose name
is Mirza Ali, starts for Marseilles in two days.
He goes to learn the business of curing leather.
At present all hides are exported for curing and
returned at enormous cost. The progressive steps
mean much here, and it is the Bahai who has the
courage to go forth with assurance of success.
Love to all,
Susan I. Moody.
Extract from a letter, dated Teheran, Persia,
February 13, 1910:
Today we were invited for lunch to the home of
Mirza Ghavam Altojar. We had been told that it
was a matter of importance. First, I want to say
that the home was a Bahai home very near the
city wall, in a good part of town. The streets in
some places were shaded by cypress trees and the
garden of this house has many tall sycamores. The
interior was rich in beautiful rugs and the dinner

