BAHAI NEWS 21
and unanimously carried, the action taken by the
Board, regarding the negotiations of Mr. Jaxon
and his engagements so entered into with the
Drainage Board and with the Village of Wilmette,
were approved by this Convention, and the Execu-
tive Board was authorized to conclude the engage-
ments and to make the conveyances that have
been reported in those matters.
The Convention then proceeded to a call of the
Assemblies. The Secretary called the roll and the
several delegates from each Assembly gave report
of the progress of the work in their respective
Assemblies.
Mrs. Corinne True delivered the greetings from
Chicago to the delegates.
Mr. Hoar, chairman of the Auditing Committee,
reported that the Treasurer's books and reports
had been found to be absolutely correct, and the
accounts of the Treasurer and Financial Secretary
kept in a most complete and admirable manner.
On motion made by Mr. Hannen, seconded by
Miss Boylan and carried, the Financial Secretary
was instructed to prepare a form of receipt in
the Persian language that all contributions from
the Orient be acknowledged with a receipt in
that language.
Adjournment for lunch.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1910.
The Chairman, Mr. Hall, opened the meeting
by reading the following extract from the "Words
of VVisdon1:"
ye discerning ones of the people! Verily the
Words which have descended from the Heaven of the
X-Vill of God are the source of unity and harmony for
the world. Close your eyes to racial differences and
welcome all with the light of Oneness. Be the cause
of comfort and promotion of humanity. This handful
of dust, the World, is one home; let it be in unity.
Forsake p-ride, it is a cause of discord. Follow that
which tends to harmony.
On motion by Miss Boylan, seconded by Mr-
Hargis and unanimously carried, the following
Resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That in accordance with the expressed
wish of Abdul-Baha and the recommendation of
the Executive Committee, Article 6 of the Con-

