BAHAI NEWS 15
Vizier is one of the most important personages in
the Cause, and it is the command of Abdul-Baha
that his son be shown every loving courtesy by the
American believers. It is his plan to remain in
Washington for some time, studying the American
form of government and occidental methods in gen-
eral. Mr. Remey reports that all is well in Haifa,
where our beloved Abdul-Baha is meeting many
pilgrims, and seems to be in the best of health.
His instructions being to return to America by the
most direct route, Mr. Remey did not remain to
visit the European Assemblies. Mr. Howard Stru-
ven, his traveling companion, was left at Port
Said, it being his intention to visit thebelievers in
Egypt and in Europe, he having been given the
messages from Abdul-Baha to the friends in those
regions. Mr. Struven's return is indefinite, within
a period of from three weeks to several months.
Space will not permit of even a condensed state-
ment of the news brought; the general tone was
most inspiring, both as to progress and the neces-
sity for further efiort. Particularly in India and
Japan, American teachers, men and women, are
needed in the Cause. Good business opportunities
exist for these, who can devote their time largely
to the Cause. To anyone interested full particulars
will be given by addressing the Washington As-
sembly.
The Washington delegates from the Temple
Unity Convention arrived home in time for the
meeting of Friday, April 29th. Much interest was
manifested in their report, and a Temple Unity
Committee was formed to devise means for raising
funds for the Mashrak-el-Azkar. It is hoped that
important work will be done in that direction. The
receipt of the BAI-IAI embodying the official
report has awakened further interest. Many good
ideas were brought from the Chicago Assembly,
which we hope to incorporate into our methods.
Particularly is this true of the music, which was
found such an inspiring feature of the meetings
there.
At the Unity Feast, May 17th, a goodly number
were present. Mrs. Helen S. Moss and Miss Mayo
were the hostesses; Mrs. F. J. Woodwardread Tab-
lets; Esther Hughes, of the Bahai Sunday school,

