BAHAI NEWS
ISSUED 
ALBERT R. VVINDUST EDITORS -- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA
Address all communications to
BAHAI SERVICE P. O. Box 283, Chicago, I1l., U. S. A.

0 Persia-n AHMAD sonm, 1800 Belmont Road,
Washington. D. C.  
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE PER YEAR.
Sent postpaid throughout North America, including Canal
Zone and Panama; and following islands: Cuba, Porto Rico,
Hawaii, Philippines; also England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales,
Germany, and Shanghai C-ity (China); Unsealed $1.00; single
copy 10c. Sealed $1.25; single copy 12c.
Sent postpaid throughout other parts of Occident and adjacent
islands including Newfoundland: Unsealed $1.00; single copy
10c. Sealed $1.75; single copy 15c.
Sent postpaid throughout Orient, including Egypt and Russia;
Sealed $1.75; single copy 15c. agents when es-
tablished ine Oriental centers: $1.00 per year.
vol. 1. Chicago, (Nov. 4, 1910) Qudrat No. 13
Letters from the East, received during the past
month, indicate that the inauguration of the Persian
section of the BAHAI NEWS has "taken the Orient
by use the expression of its editor, Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab.
Many people in the East are astonished and the
friends are surprised to see and read the open, un-
compromising stand that has been taken in proclaim-
ing the Teachings of and Abdul-Baha;
especially in the initial copy (No. 8), in which the
editor comes out squarely with nine articles of policy,
stating that the publication Would stand for the
Bahai Cause, spread its teachings, uphold its doc-
trines and champion this Universal Movement.
Seyad Assadullah Writes from Port Said that Ab-
dul-Baha requested one of the friends to read the
latest copy before a large gathering of the Bahais
there, and all the time it was being read, he was
smiling and commenting upon it. In a recent Tablet
received by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Abdul-Baha says:
"Truly, I say, in this publication you have Written
instructive articles. May God assist and confirm
you! Unquestionably, confirmations shall descend
upon the Workers of this paper!"
From Teheran, Esphahan, Tabriz, Rasht and Ma-
shad, Persia; Eshkabad, Shahrood, Kongand, and
Samarkand, Russia, and Port Said, Egypt, comes the
Word that the NEWS is having great effect,
and the friends hold out glorious promises for it for
the future.

