2 BAHAI 
of Abbas Effendi" (Abdul-Baha), by Myron H.
Phelps, relating how the "Purest Branch" came to
his death, will be of interest:
"\Ve Were imprisoned in the barracks, Without
any substantial change in our manner of life, for
two years. During this time none of us left the
prison. One evening towards the end of the second
year, my younger brother came, as was his habit,
to Write for his Father. But as he was not very
Well, and as others of the family were also ill, the
Blessed Perfection told him to go
and co-me later. So he went up to the flat roof of
the barracks, Where We were accustomed to Walk,
and which was our only recourse for fresh air and
exercise. He was Walking up and down repeating
Tablets and gazing at the sky, when he stumbled,
lost his balance, and fell through the opening to
which the ladder from below led up. The room into
which he fell had a lofty ceiling; it was the living-
room of the family. No one Was in the room at the
time, but hearing his cries, some of the family
rushed in and found him in a heap on the floor with
the blood pouring from his mouth.
"We took him up and laid him on his mat. He
was perfectly conscious. Later the Blessed Perfec-
tion came and remained with him. The physician
was sent for; he said that there was no hope.
"My brother lived for thirty hours. VVhen he
was about to pass away the Blessed Perfection said
to him: 'What do you desire'? Do you wish to
live, or do you prefer to die? Tell n1e what you
most Wish for.' My brother replied: don't care
to live. I have but one Wish. I Want the believers
to be admitted to see their Lord. If you will promise
me this, it is all I ask.' The Blessed Perfection
told him that it would be as he desired.
"The death of this youngest and favorite 
of a very gentle and sweet broke
his motl1er's heart. We feared for her reason. VVhen
the Blessed Perfection was told of the condition of
his Wife, he Went to her and said: 'Your son has
been taken by God that His people might be free.
His life was the ransom, and you should rejoi'
that you had a son so dear to give to the Caus
of God.' When our mother heard these Words sh
seemed to rally, and after that she did not shed
tear."

