10 BAHAI NEWS
why did He let those Indians kill_ those poor people in such a
way That gave me an opportunity, and now the man begins
to read Bahai books and does not curse any more in our tent.
I enjoyed reading Mr. Remey's letter in the BAHAI Nnws. I
was very much impressed with his statement that when one is
out trying to give the Message, he needs encouragement from
the other believers. I find it so here and feel that the friends
should think more of this. A little of my experience would con-
vince one of the truth of this statement. I have received one
letter from Johnstown, two from Chicago, and a few from
Mrs. Goodale, of Kenosha, that put new life into me to do more
work. 
Any literature regarding the Cause will be gladly accepted
and handed to some of the new settlers here. These cowboys
are all good fellows and tired of this life. They are seeking
for something and do not .know where to get it--it is this
Message. So when any one goes out to try to give the Mes-
sage, let us encourage them. In a place like this God is not
known. They believe there is no God, no heaven or hell, be-
cause they have been taught so. It is not easy and one should
be encouraged. 
This country is wild with rattlesnakes and wolves. I have
killed many snakes, but as the country is now being settled
the snakes are disappearing. One was in our tent last night.
We heard him rattle. We dare not sleep with an arm outside
of the bed. It is getting cold; the mountains are covered
with snow and we had four inches of it. We are still in a
tent, but I am building a log house. Frost killed nearly all we
had, but God giveth and God taketh away--praise His Name!
When I go for mail, I carry a gun because of wild steers.
Every one carries a gun because of cattle and snakes.
My mother is 70 years old and keeps up quite well. We
have lots of hay on the ground in the tent to keep our feet
warm, but we have been laid up with colds. Everything here
has to be hauled from Lewistown, forty-five miles. Our nearest
place is Kendall. a small town, 5,800 feet high in the moun-
gold mining ten houses built on rocks on
the side of the hill. Oil costs 50 cents a gallon, potatoes 4
cents a pound, etc. Before this cold weather came I used to
lie in bed in the morning and take my gun from the side of
my pillow and shoot sage hens or prairie chicken. They de-
stroyed my garden, and four or five times a day I used to go
around the garden to drive them out and also the rabbits.
I have taken some pictures and send you one of myself
now as I go among the boys. 
Here comes another old shepherd who likes to come here
--I can hear his voice over the hill calling the sheep, so I must
stop writing.
We send all our Bahai love and ask your earnest prayers.
Your servant in His Name, JOHN H. WILGOTT.
Our Persian section, this issue, contains a Tablet
to the Denver, C'olo., Assembly revealed about 1907,
and a continuation of the article on Universal Bahai
Peace. Statistics are given of the enormous number
of killed in all Wars and the heavy cost of some of
the famous battles of history; the number of sol-
diers and warships maintained by the different West-
ern nations; an outline of the Constitution of the
"United Nations of the VVorld," the "Congress of
Nations," and the "Supreme Court of Nations;"
quotations from Voltaire, Franklin and others,
against war: quotations from the note of the Em-

