BAHAI NEVVS 
of all the friends in this matter." If Persia in
her hour of need can do these things, how much
greater should the response of favored America be!
The Orient last year sent over $8,000 to America
toward the Mashrak-el-Azkar, and in a small way
we can show our appreciation of this munificent
gift by helping to educate their children.
Mr. Sprague reports that the photographs of the
children who have received the scholarships al-
ready given, will be sent at an early date. More
members are needed; it costs just $1.50 a month
to educate a child, and under the present arrange-
ments either a girl or a boy can be chosen, at the
option of the member. Associate members pay
$1.00 a year, these memberships representing a
contribution to the expenses of the Society. Local
circles can be organized in cities or sections where
nine or more active members are located.
A second need is useful books, papers or maga-
zines. In the latter category the following might
be mentioned: "Kindergarten Magazine," "Edu-
cational," "The Elementary School Teacher," "The
Manual Training Magazine," "The Pedagogical
Seminary," "Educational Review" and other edu-
cational publications. On the fly-leaf or first page
of all magazines or books contributed, the name
of the donor should be written, and a dedication
to the Library of the School of Tarbiat. Wherever
possible, literary contributions should be sent di-
rect to Mr. Sydney Sprague, care of Mirza Azizol-
lah Khan, rue Arbab Jemsheed, Teheran, Persia.
However, books may also be sent to the Librarian
of the Society, Mrs. C. S. Coles, Apt. 301, the Bur-
lington, Washington, D. C.
The official headquarters of the Society is at
1800 Belmont Road, and its address is Post Office
Box 192, Washington, D. C. Communications and
memberships are earnestly solicited, that the de-
sire of our beloved Abdu -Baha, as expressed in
his Tablets, may be carried out, and that speedily.
It is a great privilege which is offered, rather than
a favor on the part of those who help, yet the
grateful thanks of the beneficiaries will resound
in the praise of those who respond.
Joseph H. Hannen.
Washington, D. 0., May 26, 1910.

