BAHAI NEWS 7
the gardens in order to raise money for this pur-
pose. In one day over 600 toumans was raised,
and with the help that comes from America We
ought to have a very good school for girls. A letter
has been written to Acca, asking for a woman
teacher. Of course the believers in America will
choose the one best fitted.  I am expecting
to leave in a month for Acca, so whoever is ap-
pointed can start from America in July, meet me
in Acca and then return with me to Persia in
September.
Probably you have heard from Dr. Fareed of my
great good I am to marry one of our
Oriental spiritual sisters, and so the second East
and West marriage among the believers will take
place. Does not the fact that Abdul-Baha granted
his permission show that great changes have taken
place in Persia? I shall bring my wife to Teheran
and take a home and settle down in a true Persian
fashion.
I have not been able to see much of Miss Russell,
the daughter of the American minister, as I have
so little time to make calls. I spoke to her about
teaching in the girls' school and she said she was
quite ready to come. I will write her to visit the
school some day soon.
Greeting to all the friends and best wishes to
yourself. Yours faithfully in the Cause,
Sydney Sp-rague.
On Sunday, June 12th, the Vaheed Choral So-
ciety visited the Kenosha Assembly and repeated
the musical program of the late Convention. It
was a perfect day and the hospitality of the Ke--
nosha friends knew no bounds. Upon their ar-
rival, the singers and visiting friends from other
nearby Assemblies partook of a lavish feast, after
which a service was held and short speeches from
the visiting friends interspersed the musical pro-
gram, which was added to by the young musicians
of the Kenosha Assembly. Throughout the day
the wonderful ABHA Spirit was manifested, and
the Choral Society desires to extend, through this
medium, to the Kenosha friends, its deep apprecia-
tion of the pleasure afforded upon this memorable
occasion. Louise R. Waite, Pres. V. S.

