6 BAHAI NEWS
ly, nor superficially, the force of Abdul-Baha's pres-
ence. Neither have they dreamed of the magnetic
influence of his Highness (rather his Kindness,
ah, mel). He is a man whose very appearance will
solve all the perplexed anxieties of the visionaries
of disaster. Wle as Bahais have nothing to be afraid
of. Vile are the spiritual physicians of the world;
we are the torch-bearers of the ideal civilization;
we are the teachers of the Kingdom of ABHA.
Should we be afraid to receive the One who is the
source of all our inspiration and all our light?
America must raise a gladsome voice of spiritual
beatitude, spread a heavenly banquet and be pre-
pared, for "he shall come as a thief in the night."
Future historians will record the coming of Abdul-
Baha to America as a great and momentous event.
Broaden your vision and look into the future, when
the nations of America shall celebrate, from one end
of the continent to the other, the anniversary of the
day when Abdul-Baha set foot upon "the land of the
brave and the free!" Future generations will sing
in anthems and songs the resplendent glory of such
a day. Children Will be taught to respect and love
that day. America is on the threshold of a great
spiritual awakening, and it must arise to fulfil the
responsibilities of such a wonderful and glowing
promise. Abdul-Baha has written to you in sev-
eral Tablets that he will come as soon as the
friends in that country are united as bands of
st-eel or a golden chain of life. Now it depends
upon you. You must show to the world that you
are united, that you are worthy to receive him
in your midst. Let not this opportunity slip from
your grasp. Arise, work, band together, remove
the difficulties from his path. This day is not
for fretting and discontentment, nor imagining the
possibility of ridicule by the masses. Have you not
faith in him'? Has he not grappled with and solved
the greatest problems for the past sixty years'? Has
he not conversed with the wisest men of the age?
Again we say, prepare the way for his coming! Let
not your minds be troubled with outside questions.
He is able to change the ridicule into praise, the
enmity into friendship and the derision into exalta-
tion. When he arrived in Alexandria we were not
prepared to receive him. There is no need of pre-
paring houses and establishments for his reception;
the probability is that he will take a place for him-

