BAHAI NEWS 3
meeting, which immediately placed us in touch
with a great many people. Other meetings were
held and we met many personally, so that the time
in Tokyo passed rapidly. After visiting Yoka-
homa, Kobe, Kyato and Nagasaki, we passed over
into China, where in Shanghai we met with a most
devoted Bahai brother from Persia who lives there,
Mirza Abdul Badhi--Mirza Ahmad knows him.
Though our visit in Shanghai was not long, we
met several people who were deeply in sympathy
with our work. We could have remained there
indefinitely and had plenty of work to do in the
Cause, but we felt that we should be pressing on
here where the call is more urgent, and besides we
wish to complete our tour of India before the ex-
cessive heat sets in, for during the cool weather
now on we have the best opportunity to meet
people.
Of the work here in Burmah I will write later
on in a general letter. Now I will make a brief
mention of the work in Japan. There the field is
ready, and what is most encouraging is that the
thinkers and leaders of Japan realize this". Many
are looking about for a religion suited to the needs
of the Japanese people. Now. is, I feel, the time for
the Bahais to direct their energies toward Japan.
American Bahais are needed in Japan. If all of
the people will carry this in their minds, someone
may hear and respond to this call from the far
East. Teachers are needed also in China, partic-
ularly in Shanghai, for there the Cause is some-
what known, and a good beginning could easily
be accomplished.
In these Eastern countries there are excellent
business opportunities open to young men. Several
energetic young Bahai brothers from America
could do a great work in Japan, China or here,
and at the same time be establishing themselves
and doing well in business.
I trust the time may soon come when Bahai
workers from the West may come to these fields,
for their services are needed.
Please extend our Bahai greeting from both to
all. The friends here join us.
Yours in His Holy Cause,
Oharles Mason Remey.

