2 A A I 
ABDUL-BAHA IN EGYPT.
Third of a series of special news items pertaining to the sojourn
of AbduZ~Baha in Egypt.
Special to the BAHAI have asked
for an account of Abdul-Baha's departure to the
land of Egypt. Abdul--Baha did not inform anyone
that he was going to leave Haifa. The day he left
he visited the Holy Tomb of the Bab on Mt. Carmel,
and when he came down from the mountain of the
Lord, he went direct to the steamer. This was the
first anyone knew about the matter. Within two
days he summoned to his presence, Mirza Noureddin,
Shougi Effendi, Khosro, and this servant. The only
persons who accompanied Abdul-Baha to Egypt were
Mirza Moneer Zain and Abdul Hossein, one of the
pilgrims who was leaving at that time. When
Mirza Noureddin arrived in Port Said, his brother
Mirza Moneer returned to Haifa.
For nearly one month Abdul-Baha remained in
Port Said and the friends of God came from Cairo,
in turn, to visit him. One day he called me to ac-
company him when taking a walk in the streets of
the city. He said: "Do you realize now the mean-
ing of my statement when I was telling the friends
that there was a wisdom in my indisposition?" I
answered, "Yes, I do remember very well." He
continued, "Well, the wisdom was that I must al-
ways move according to the requirements of the
Cause. TVhate/oer the Cause requires for its pro-
mulgation, I will not delay in its accomplishment
for one moment! Now, the Cause did require that
I travel to these parts, and. had I divulged my in-
tention at that time, many difficulties would have
arisen."
The day that he left for Alexandria he did not
mention the matter to anyone; nor did this servant
know the time of his departure. However, when
I heard that he had left, I hurried to the steamer
and there met him with two pilgrims from Eshka-
bad. He said: "Tell the friends, how, under se-
vere circumstances of bodily weakness, I have ac-
cepted the hardships of traveling to promote the
Word of God, to spread the Cause of God and to
diffuse the Fragrances of God! I have left behind
friends, relatives and home for the sake of the
Ga-use 1" By this he meant that the believers of

