BAHAI NEWS 7
New York, that he may spread the Word for some
of the American believers to go to Japan, and there
serve and teach in the Cause. It is very good for
teachers to travel, and, through the love of God,
give life to the people. American Bahais should go
to the Oriental countries as teachers."
At another time Abdul-Baha said: "Encourage
the Bahais to hasten to India, both men and Women
teachers. In India, in particular, Women teachers
are needed. Dela-y riot! Now is the time to travel
there, and in Persia, too."
"Later on, the results of your journey will be
clearly seen. Praise be to our meeting
here in the Land of Desire (the Holy Land) is open
and easy, While in the past it would have been
most difficult. Some of the friends came long dis-
tances and could only see me from a distance. Now
you must go out and must no longer
stay here."
'j 
The BAHAI NEWS wishes to inform its readers
that Miss Laura Clifford Barney's drama, "God's
Heroes," is now out. The publishers areLippincott, Philadelphia; in Europe,
Kegan Paul, London. This play, as it deals with
the early history of the Cause and the heroic influ-
ence of Qurratul 'Ain, will be, We are sure, of
interest to all. The proceeds of the sale of this
book Will go to the Mashrak-'el-Azkar's fund and
towards helping to start a school for girls in
Teheran, Persia.
Our Persian section this month contains: A Tab-
let to the New York Spiritual Assembly, received
August 13, 1909; an article on College Education
of Women in Europe and America, and urging the
friends in Persia and other countries of the East
to open schools for girls; mention is made of the
newspaper and magazine articles on the Bahai
Revelation, published in the VVest during the present
year: (1) May 27, Journal of the Royal Society of
Arts; (2) June 4, London. Spectator; (3) July 3,
New York Times (4) July 31, Baltimore Ameri-
can,' (5) August 1, Baltimore News; (6) August 5,
W'ashirigtort Post (7) August 16, Washington Her-
ald. Mention is also made of Prof. Barakatullah in
Tokyo, Japan, and his magazine, The
Islamic Fraternity.

