BAHAI NEWS 9
to use the name "Temple" in regard to the illashrigufil
Askar. There are Words in Persian and Arabic to say
"temple," but Azlcar has quite another sig-
nification, much broader and much more beautiful. It
means, as you know, "the DaWning~place of the Men-
tions of God," and this plural in itself is quite signifi-
cant, inasmuch as it reminds us that 
has taught that we should not be satisfied by praying
God only in a place prepared for our meditations, but
that We should above all pray to Him by our actions,
in serving our brothers, taking care of the Weak ones,
giving hospitality and spreading instruction and knowl-t
edge. And the House of prayer, which is to be the
center of the Mashr'ign/'Z Azlcar, gets its true signifi-
cance, in this new dispensation, from its connection
with the different social institutions which 'Abdu'Z
Baha has often indicated to us, and which symbolize
the Whole activity of our future communities.
By calling it a Temple, not only, it seems to me,
are We belittling one of the greatest Foundations of
this Cause, but I fear that We are driving away from
us many sincere souls Who, in our days, have left
mosques, temples, in search of a broader
1 ea .
Besides, don't You think that the Word Mashrigufil
Azlcar is harmonious enough to acquire citizenship in
our occidental languages with Quran, algebra, sultan,
jasmine and many other Words Which also come di-
rectly from the East? Let us be the pioneers of this
reform of linguistics. which twill enable us to implant
more easily new ideas into the world.
Yours truly in the Cause of AZ Abha,
H. DREYFUS.
The BAHAI endorses these suggestions and
has adhered to the phrase, "Mashrak-el-Azkar,"
from the first, but has not felt at liberty to change
manuscript sent in for publication. We trust the
friends will give this matter careful consideration.
That all may be informed as to what is intended
for this Institution, We quote the following from
a Table.t revealed by Abdul-Baha:
I am hopeful by divine bounty and grace that the
beloved ones of God may be confirmed 111 the building
of the Mashrak-e1-Azkar and all its accessories, for
the ashrak-cl-Azkar has important accessories which
arc accounted of the basic These are:
School for orphan children; Hospital and Dispensary
for the poor; Place for the incapable: i. (Home
for the cripple) College for the Higher Scientific Edu-
cation.
The meaning is this, that in every place:
First a Mashrak-el-Azkar must be founded.
Then a School for the Education of orphan children
and the poor. 
Then the Hospital and Medical Dispensary must be
founded.
Then the home of the Cripple.
Then the College of Higher Scientific Education.

