BAHAINEVVS 13
are centers of the manifestation of bounty, and the
of Compassion will be turned upon them.
In the Name of G-od, the Supreme, the High! I ask
Thee, by the sorrow of the hearts of the beloved and
by the tears of the eyes of the lovers, to deprive me
not from the fragrances of Thy Godliness in Thy Days,
and from the melodies of the Dove of Thy Oneness at
the appearance of the Lights of Thy Face!
Hold Thou my right arm, God! and dwell con-
tinually With me! Guide me to the fountain of Thy
Knowledge and encircle me with Thy Glory. Let mine
ears hearken unto Thy melodious tone and comfort me
with Thy Presence. For Thou art the strength of my
heart, and the trust of my soul, and I desire no one be-
side Thee!
It is the desire of the parents to have on this
hill-top an -open sanctuary--a place of worship for
others as well as for themselves.
Willard H. Ashton.
FRUITPORT, MICH.
A picnic dinner was served near the home of
Mr. and Mrs. Nelson Petersen on July 31st. Bahais
from Muskegon, Grand Rapids and Chicago were
present--~--about fifty in all--an invitation having
also been extended to those who were not Bahais.
After dinner the Glad-tidings of the coming of the
Kingdom were given. The meeting was a very
impressive and profitable one, awakening the hearts
of those who had known nothing of the Teaching
before, as has been evidenced by their growing
-interest in the Cause since then.
Sec'y Assembly.
GREEN ACRE, MAINE.
During my nine days at Green Acre five large
Bahai meetings were held, many from Kittery,
Portsmouth and other neighboring towns assem-
biing to hear The Message. Mirza Sinore M. Rafie
and Mr. Woodcock and family were also there, the
latter for two days. Mr. Woodcock was tired out
and not lecturing, although he spoke most impres-
sively and with much spirit in one of the meetings.
The last Unity Feast was _hel~d_at the summer
home of Mrs. Aline S. Devin 111 E-liot, quite a num-
ber of Bahais and truthseekers gathering for tea
late in the afternoon.
Mrs. Ives and Mrs. Stansell, as well as Mrs.
Magee and her daughters (all from New York),
are now in Green Acre. Mrs. Stansell has been

