BAHAI NEWS 7
TEHERAN, PERSIA.
Eskander Khan (Mr. Sydney Sprague) left for
Acca, June 20th, as far as Baku, Russia, with
Mirza Ali Kuli Khan, who has been appointed
Charge d'Affaires for Washington, or rather, all
America. The former will return With his bride,
Farahngese, the sister of Doctor Fareed, in the
fall. Vie are all hoping that Mirza Assad Ullah
Will also come, as Well as Razeah Khanum (Mirza
Assad Ullah's Wife).
Mirza Ali Kuli Khan had six Persian boys in his
charge, some to be left in Europe, others take-n
to America to be educated. Dr. Mohammed Khan
gave a dinner party for Mirza Ali Kuli Khan, to
which Mr. Sprague and I were invited. He told
us of his parting call on the young king that
morning. The Persian parliament has given his
wife a title and a decoration. He was pleased that
the title, "Maker of Souls," coincides so well with
the one previously granted by Abdul-Baha, Rou-
haniah, or "Spiritual One." He also read his last
Tablet, which he received, after this arrival here.
In this Abdul-Baha confirms him in the Cause and
also prophesies the glorious future of Persia, the
land of 
A long and interesting article has recently been
published in the journal of the Society of Arts,
London. It is a reprint in full of a lecture given
by Mr. Bernard Temple, who spent some months in
Teheran last winter. He was in the Orient one
year, making a close study of the Bahai Revela-
tion, and the lecture is devoted to the Cause. The
London Spectator of June 4th has quite a review
of the lecture. It will attract attention to the
great work being accomplished. Mr. Temple is a.
Jew and while he states, am not a Bahai," his
article shows a clear and really ardent appreciation
of its principles, and as he quotes voluminously
from the "Hidden Words" and gives the full facts
and teachings in part by quoting from Sydney
Sprague's books--thus he gives out the essence,
and We believe his work will be fruitful in leading
many who seek the Light. Mirza Azizullah Khan
wishes to translate it into Persian.
Susan I. Moody.

