BAHAI NEVVS 3
God must follow in his footsteps and illumine the
East and the VV'est with the lights of knowledge,
peace and brotherhood.
While in Alexandria many noted persons, formerly
enemies of the Cause for years, have met him and
after being in his presence are changed entirely.
Also, distinguished editors of Arabic and Persian
newspapers, such as .11 oaid and Tohehre Nevlna, have
talked with him and afterward wrote and published
columns of praise and commendation on his Teach-
ings and greatness. Thus the newspapers have given
great publicity to the Movement. In regard to the
M00/id article, Abdul-Baha says: clipping from
the newspaper of oaid, which is the first newspaper
of Egypt a11d its editor well known throughout the
World for his learning, is enclosed. Formerly, this
person, through the instigation of some influential
resident Persians, wrote many articles against this
Cause and called the Bahais infidels. But when
Abdul-Baha arrived in this country, "with one inter-
view he was completely changed and contradicted all
his former articles with this one. This is the type
of the just man!"
There is no doubt that this tripis fraught with
wonderful results for the Cause and many people
will become awakened. In one of these interviews
Abdul-Baha stated he may go to Cairo and pass
the remainder of the winter in that city. The
Egyptian winter weather is ideal, temperate and
agrees with him. Since he has arrived in Egypt
his health is much improved, and should he decide
to go to America it will not be before the springtime.
With great love and greeting to all the friends
in the West, I am always
Your co-worker in the Cause,
ASSADOLLAH 
ii
NEWS FROM THE ORIENT.
BURMA.
wish to express our deep appreciation for the
BAHAI and the great interest it has evoked in the East
both in the Bahai circle and outside of it.
The Cause here is progressing admirably and the recent visit
of our brothers Messrs. Charles Mason Remey and Howard G.
Struven, served to impart to it a fresh acceleration. The
Movement in Kunjangon, referred to in kind terms in one of
the issues of the BAHAI Nnws, has been engaging the attention
of many seekers in India and Burma, for though of a very

