8 BAHAI NEWS
ental Bahais as twelve millions. A movement which
is growing every day cannot have statistics. No one
knows how many there are, and to make a state-
ment that there are many millions only opens us to
criticism. If we are asked the number of Bahais in
the World, is it not better to reply that it is impos-
sible to know, and that we care much more about
the quality of the believers than the quantity'? This
is the policy of Abdul-Baha, as the following incident
will show:
Two nights ago, an American journalist, Mr. VVil-
liam Ellis, representing The Continent, came esp-ecial-
ly to Alexandria to interview Abdul-Baha. It was
my privilege to be the translator on this occasion.
One of the first questions Mr. Ellis asked was:
"How many followers have you?" The answer was:
have no statistics and we do not consider these
things important. It is the quality of the believers
we care for. If a few are characterized with the
attributes of God and live according to the divine
Teachings, it is praiseworthy. Five diamonds are
worth more than five million stones." Again the
journalist asked: "Have you not many followers in
America?" have a few friends in different cities
who love me," was the reply. "Is it not true that
half of Persia is Bahai persisted the journalist.
"No; it is not," replied Abdul-Baha, "but many
there who are not Bahais, are influenced by our
Teachings." "Are there not many followers in the
Turkish Empire?" and again Abdul-Baha
reiterated the non-importance of numbers. The jour-
nalist seemed very much taken aback. He evidently
expected Abdul-Baha to boast of a large following.
What an example Abdul-Baha has set us!
Then Mr. Ellis asked briefly: "What are the Teach-
ings of the Bahai Revelation and in what does it
differ from other religions Abdul-Baha replied:
"While all the other religions are hating and de-
nouncing each other, the Bahais are the friends of
all religions and the lovers of all peoples, and their
aim is to unite and harmonize all." There were many
other questions which drew forth wonderful, illum-
inating explanations from Abdul-Baha. I have not
the time to write them now, but be on the lookout
for an account of this interview in The Oontinent.
Mr. Ellis is on his way to Persia to write articles
about that country, so he may write of the Cause
there.

