I0 BAHAI NEWS
tion of 1910 were reported upon and disposed of.
The trustees reported all papers drawn up and
signed, giving absolute and clear title to the land
according to changes made in streets and alley. All
bills were reported paid to date, notes met, including
interest, and a surplus shown of $791.19. The only
debt upon the Mashrak-el-Azkar land is the mort-
gage of $12,500, with its semi-annual interest of
$37 5. It is the earnest hope of the Executive Board
that this mortgage may be raised by next interest
day, June 24, 1911.
So encouraged have We been by the loyal support
of the Bahai world in this mighty work that we feel
sure no sacrifice will be too great for the friends to
make and no Words can express the joy they Will
experience When, by united striving, each according
to his or her ability, the land is absolutely owned by
Bahai Temple Unity and funds can then be collected
to begin the building.
Being delegates from the Convention city, it was
deemed expedient to appoint Mr. Agnew and Mrs.
True the Reception Committee of Bahai Temple
Unity, to act in conjunction With the committees ap-
pointed from the Chicago Assembly, which were
chosen at a delightful unity gathering of the organ-
ized bodies of that Assembly, held at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Greenleaf, Sunday evening,
the 12th.
Corinne True, Financial Secretary.
LETTER FROM THE PARSEES OF SHIRAZ.
Continued from page 7.
expecting to come, has come with a great glory and has
already established the Faith of Godliness, from the East unto
the West. Why should they deprive themselves of that
bounty which they have been expecting for about four thou-
sand years?
The friends at Shiraz hold about ten regular meetings every
week and intend to institute a branch of the Farbiat school
now established at Teheran.
The door of correspondence, which is the best means of
conveying our love to one another, is always open to strengthen
the bond of unity. This is the Wish of Abdul-Baha.
Love from all to all,
Your loving Bahai brothers,
Tm; on Sntmaz.
By M. Azizollah Khan.
Address: Tir Andazi Kai Khusrow, Sara-i-Mushiri, Shiraz,
Persia.

