6 BAHAI NEWS
Abdul-Baha sends Word to the American believers
that it is necessary for some of them to go to Japan
and there engage in spreading the Cause, saying
that great results would be produced if some of the
friends Were to go to that country to enter into
trade and business and at the same time do spiritual
work.
The greetings and messages of the many friends
in the various assemblies visited were given to
Abdul-Baha and he was pleased. He was very much
pleased when told of the love, kindness and hospital-
ity of the Bahais in all countries.
Abdul-Baha spoke of the great Work done by the
simple and uneducated Bahais. Through purity of
heart many had become so spiritually enlightened
that their words had had great effect upon the
minds and hearts of the learned and Wise. Some
of these simple, pure souls had even Written books
by dictation.
Abdul~Baha asked regarding the hardships of the
journey, but was assured that any incidents of that
nature Were forgotten and as if they had never
been. He then asked Whether the addresses given in
the various cities had been prepared or Were eXtem-
poraneous. When told they had been the latter he
said that the teacher should always speak from the
heart, for only Words from the heart reach the
hearts of the hearers and has effect-, Whereas when
one speaks not from the heart, the effect oi his words
is but a passing one. All teaching should be done by
the Spirit Working or speaking through the teacher,
and should not come from the mentality of the in-
dividual. One should always use spiritual methods
in teaching.
In speaking of spreading the fragrances of the
Kingdom, Abdul~Baha said: "In movement there
is life; in immobility there is death. The traveling
of the teachers from place to place, country to coun-
try, and from the Occident to the Orient, is one
of the greatest means for sowing spiritual seeds in
the souls of the people."
In speaking again of Japan, Abdul-Baha said:
"Blessed results will appear from the Holy Cause
established in that land. I have sent your letter
regarding the Work in Japan to Mr. MacNutt* in
*See editorial, page 9.

