BAHAI NEWS 
do much to meet this need. By correspondence with
the men in the various centres the plan of systematic
work could be presented to them in 'such a way that
they would take hold of it. As I wrote before,
I feel that now is not the time for the women through-
out the country to organize, but rather for the men
and women to organize together. The plan of or-
ganizing exclusive women's meetings in the younger
-assemblies tends towards accentuating rather than
diminishing the gravity of the question of getting the
men believers to take an active part in the work.
That old _misconception, the idea that Abdul-Baha
do_es not wish any organized effort, is still in the
minds of some of the friends. 
Greetings In His Name,
CHARLES Mason REMEY.
Honolulu, H. I., Dec. 14, 1909.
To the Washington (D. C.) Assembly:
Dear Friends in E1--ABHA Howard Struven
and I are leaving these Islands for Japan. Our stay
of three weeks here has been a short, pleasant and most
busy one. Nowhere on our travels have we found so
spiritual a response to The Message as here in Hono-
lulu. For some time past there have been ten or a
dozen firm believers here, but outside of a very few, the
Bahai Cause was not known. All was ready for a pub-
lie' movement when we arrived.
A campaign of public meetings was planned and
successfully carried out. There has been some opposi-
tion, but very little; and a little ridicule,, but this has
also been very slight. Public meetings have been held
almost daily and be-sides these there have been study
classes for the seekers after Truth; study classes for
believers; two Unity Feasts, and the celebration of the
Fete of Abdul-Baha (Nov. 26th), as well as other
meetings. Practically the whole town knows something
about The Message--between the meetings and papers,
almost everybody at least knows the name "Bahai,"
and knows that now an assembly is here organized for
systematic work.
The ladies are going into philanthropic work, 
doing this in the name of The Bahai Assembly of Hono-
lulu. This, I feel, a very important step, and one which
the believers in all places can well emulate. In each
centre we should unite as an assembly and take a po-
sition in the active work of the place in benefiting
the people and working for the public good In His
Name, the Name of Baha. The more we do this the
more we will grow. The less show made the better,
nevertheless we should not work anonymously, but let
our light shine and be felt. This will attract the souls.
As Abdul-Baha says, we must manifest forth the love
of the Kingdom through deeds. The organization and
-work of the Wasliington (D. C.) Assembly is an ex-
ample and an inspiration to all. We have informed all
of the friends of the good news we hear from you, and
this is inspiring others to do likewise.
Yours in His Cause,
CHARLES MASON REMEY.

