BAHAI NEYVS 13
Wilhelm was accompanied to the tomb by a party
of the young people; March 27 Mr. and Mrs.
Kinney, Dr. Fareed and Mrs. Getsinger were visit-
ors, with the Sunday School children completing
the party. The obedience of the friends to this
Command to read the Visiting Tablet, is notable
and a great blessing attends this act.
On Friday, March 25, we were rejoiced to wel-
come our beloved sister, Lua Getsinger, returning
from the Holy City. A telegram announced her
coming, together with Mr. and Mrs. Kinney and
Dr. Ameen Ullah Fareed. These dear friends were
tendered a reception at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Ripley Saturday evening, attended and addressed
the Sunday School, received the friends Sunday
evening, and on Monday morning the Kinneys re-
turned to New York, taking the sincere love of the
Washington friends with them. Mrs. Getsinger
and Dr. Fareed have been kept exceedingly busy
attending group meetings during the week, and a
large audience attended the regular meeting Fri-
day, April 1, at which both spoke effectively on
Unity.
The election for delegates and alternates for the
Chicago Temple Unity Convention in April, resulted
in the selection of the following: Delegates, Jos.
H. Hannen and Mrs. Claudia Stuart Coles; Alter-
nates, Dr. Edward H. Egbert and Miss Fanny A.
Knobloch.
The Bethel Literary and Historical Society, the
oldest and leading colored organization in the
city, devoted its session of Tuesday, April 5, to
the Bahai Revelation, Mr. Hannen and Dr. Fareed
speaking on the subject of "The Race Question
from the Standpoint of the Bahai Revelation." This
Society, of which Mr. Louis G. Gregory is Presi-
dent, has given three previous sessions this season
to the Bahai Teachings, and this has exerted a
powerful influence in the work among the intelli-
gent circles of this people, whom we are com-
manded to reach and help as brothers and sisters.
A lecture is announced for May 2, to be given
by Mrs. L. J. Young Withee, a wel1~known speaker,
on the subject: "Persia, the Land of the Lion and
Sun." This lecture, which is to be under the aus-
pices of the Persian-American Educational Society,
is to be for the benefit of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.

