6 BAHAI NEWS
PHILADELPHIA, work in our city is manifesting
results and two new homes have been opened in which to
hold meetings.
On Dec. 18th we were favored by a visit from Mrs. Marie
L. Botay of New York City, and on Dec. 22d, Mr Stanwood
Cobb of Boston gave us a very interesting address. He has
gisgted Acca and other parts of the World and had much to
us.
Miss Edna McKinney, formerly of Chicago, is now in Phil-
adelphia and expects to make it her home. We are very
glad to have her with us at our meetings.
Anyone passing through our city will be welcomed by the
believers of our Assembly. We have two regular meetings
every week and commemorate the nineteen-day feast; also we
hold a business meeting once a month.
Jessie E. Revell.
SEATTLE, beautiful meeting was held at the
home of Mrs. Geary on the 20th. It had been agreed at the
Sunday meeting previous to write a holiday letter to the ab-
sent members of the Assembly, so each one of the believers
present was assigned the privilege of writing to an absent
member. These letters were combined into one and read and
all signed it, making the communication one of unity. This
was indeed a joyous gathering, and the meeting closed by
reciting in concert the "first commune."
We are endeavoring to organize an Assembly in Tacoma
where interest is being manifested; also another Assembly
in Everett, where one of the friends is building a home.
Mrs. Laura Luther of Omak, is working very strenuously
in the Cause there. Mr. Dirk Verloop has undertaken jour-
neys from town to town in the more isolated districts and is
delivering the Message to all who will listen.
Mr. D. D. Babcock is quite isolated in a distant lumber
camp, but we are sure, he is not idle. Mr. Finch, for the
past month, has been going to Tacoma and returning to Seat-
tle every day by boat. This gave him an opportunity to give
the Message, which he availed himself of with great success.
Everyday he found some one who would listen and several
evinced evident interest.
have distributed about 3,000 "Commands of Abdul-
Baha," 200 of my "Notes," 50 of Mrs. Goodall's "Notes,"
and other literature in like measure. We are also contrib-
uting to an orphan home here, helping the needy, visiting the
sick and doing whatever our hands find to do for the advance-
ment of the Great Cause.
I do A. F'*E1wh.
VVASHINGTON, D. C.--The meetings of the Assembly are being
well attended, and the spirit of Unity is evidenced and power-
ful. The friends are bending every effort toward adding to the
Mashrak-el-Azkar fund; the ladies are taking orders for fancy
work, and report substantial receipts incident to the holiday sea-
son. Everyone is helping, and in this way, not only is the fund
growing, but what is more important, the solidarity of the
Assembly is enhanced.
Special meetings since the last report have been the Unity
Feasts of Nov. 23d and Dee. 12th, and the Fete Day of
Abdul-Baha on Nov. 26th. The Unity Feasts were well at-
tended, and particularly helpful; that of Dec. 12th was given
at the Conservatory of Music and attended by the colored
believers and inquirers, a considerable number of whom evi-
denced their continued interest by their presence.
The Fete Day, Saturday, Nov. 26th, was a memorable oc-
casion. For this meeting the spacious parlors" at 1013 
Street, where our regular meetings were held prior to the
removal to the present location, were made available, through
the courtesy of Miss Stamper and Mrs. Smith. The meet-
ing was given by the friends 110W in Washington, who have

