BAHAI NEWS 13
an autumn foliage, its branches like a huge um-
brella; beneath the branches are rows and rows
of benches provided for those who care to hear the
words of the guests who frequent that prison yard
every Sunday.
As the population of Hawaii is made up of peo-
ple from all corners of the world, naturally, that
prison is made up of men whose skins and whose
languages differ from ours. Religious services
have been held for many years beneath this great
tree, and it is the hope of the Honolulu Bahai As-
sembly to take one Sabbath morning in each month
for this work.
Easter Sabbath morning was chosen for the first
Bahai service at Oahu prison, and at a quarter to
eleven some eight or nine ladies and gentlemen
and five Bahais were awaiting the hour, in the
oflice of the prison superintendent. Through the
hall to the back door we were led, descending the
steps into the sandy prison yard which has already
been pictured briefly. The whole yard presented
such a clean appearance and the faces of the men
were scarcely less so as they sat awaiting us.
In distributing the hundred buttonhole bouquets
which one of the sisters had kindly brought for
the men, it was both interesting and impressive to
note the manner in which these little tokens were
received. While none were refused, often eager
hands were held out and many expressed in looks
and words, their gratitude and appreciation.
The service opened with soft strains on the
organ followed by the reading by our Bahai brother
of "Hold Thou My Right Arm, God," and among
the selected were "Onward, Christian
Soldiers," "Joy to the World," "The Battle 
of the Republic," "Abide With Me," and Mrs.
Waite's "Benediction." In most of these 
the prisoners heartily joined and after the singing
by a trio of Hawaiian girls, the prison quartet sang
in Hawaiian, "Sweet Peace, the Gift of God's Love."
A prayer by one of the gentlemen present, a few
words by a visitor, the violin playing by one of the
assistants, the singing by one who had come ten
miles by train to assist in the service, and the few
remarks by our brother and sister in the Cause,
brought the service to a close.

