2 BAHAI NEWS
place a night or two, deliver the news of the Holy
Land and other countries and cities of the East and
'West, and associate with them with the utmost love,
enthusiasm and happiness, this will be conducive to
attraction and enkindlement, the people will be
trained in spiritual matters and obtain exhilaration
and life. This will become the cause of diffusing
the fragrances and the motive-power of the promul-
gation of the Word of God.
His Honor, Mirza Aga Taraz, and Ali Akbar are
two blessed souls, and they are the cause of happi-
ness to the heart of Abdul-Baha. It is assured that
they will become assisted in the universal services,
and in the Kingdom of ABHA they will shine and
gleam like unto the morning star.
Upon ye be the Glory of God!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asnns.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, especially for the
Nnws, Washington, D. C., July 14, 1910.)
TEHERAN, PERSIA.
are indebted to Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi of Chicago
for the following extracts from a letter which he
received recently from Dr. Youniss Khan of Teheran,
Persia:
The troubles, calamities, poverty, etc., which happened dur-
Eng the late years, have resulted in that the people of
Ieheran, the old and the young, the rich and the poor, have
turned their faces toward the Threshold of the Holy Cause in
Inch a manner that a thousand teachers are not enough to
give the glad-tidings. Although all the friends of God, men
and women, are occupied in spreading the Cause, yet when
a teacher comes from another ci-ty all rush to him, and they
want to hear more.
The assemblies and organizations for the welfare of humanity
and services for mankind are numerous in the city. For
example: (1) The Spiritual Assembly has the charge of all
spiritual matters. (2) The Assembly of Peace for the settle-
ment of ditficulties which might occur among the friends.
(3) Mahfala Mouratab is an assembly which looks after the
order of the material and spiritual matters. (4) The Assembly
of the New Society. This has charge of the financial welfare
of the Cause, such as schools, etc. (5) Charity Society, for
the help of the poor and needy. Besides these organizations
there are two schools, one for boys and another for girls.
'These admit not only Bahai children, but also outsiders. All
are treated equally. The poor are accepted free.
The Tarbiat school held its commencement exercises recently.
This is the best school in Teheran. All the royal ministers
and ofiicers were present. The American embassador, although
not a Bahai, was so filled with enthusiasm that he took a
photograph of the party.
A hospital has been established in which Amat-el-Allah, Dr.
Susan I. Moody, Dr. Aristo Khan, Dr. Atta Ullah Khan, Dr.

