2 BAHAI NEWS
I am enclosing them to you, knowing they will be of
value to you in your work.
Talk No. 1 was given shortly after our arrival in
Haifa.
Talk 0.  was given at a feast which Abdul-Baha
spread 111 his home, at which there was gathered a
throng of believers from many countries and of various
religious faiths.
Talk No. 3 was given upon a most memorable occa-
sion, the 68th_ anniversary of the Declaration of the
Bab. (According to solar reckoning May 23rd of the
present year was the 66th anniversary of this event,
but according to lunar used in some
of the Oriental 15th of this present
year was the 68th anniversary.)
At an early _h_our of the day the believers from
Haifa and the visiting pilgrims Went up to the hospice,
situated near the Tomb of the Bab, upon the Mount
of Carmel. VVhen the feast was prepared Abdul-B-aha
served us as we were seated about the table which
had twenty-four places. There was a second service
and also a third, there being between sixty and seventy
present. After all had been served then he, himself,
partook of food. As Abdul-Baha gave the material
food he made the enclosed brief but soul sustaining
address. It was the most impressive meal that one
could possibly imagine. Any description of mine would
not give any idea of the spirit manifested. Not only
were there the many mentioned pilgrims present, but
also a number of those old and faithful servants of
the Cause--men who have done pioneer work in Per-
sia and in neighboring who have suffered
for the faith in prisons and in exile, and who now are
spending the evening of life serving in the shadow of
Abdul-Baha. In the late afternoon the friends as-
sembled before the door of the Tomb-. Abdul-Baha
Was there. All entered the outer chamber and stood
facing the door of the inner chamber while he chanted
two tablets. All stood save one, for whom a chair
had been placed, Aga Seyed Taghi, the aged Afnan
who was assisted into the building, tenderly supported
upon one side by Abdul-Baha and upon the other by
our good brother, Howard Struven.
Directly over the Tomb hangs a nine-branch can-
delabra and in this We were permitted to place lighted
candles. In the night Howard and I again climbed the
mountain a second time. The candles were still burn-
ing, and we had a quiet hour of prayer there together,
remembering in our supplications the friends in the
many assemblies and lands visited on our long journey,
and thanking God for His Wonderful bounties and
blessings.
Talk o. 4 was given as Abdul-Baha was giving us
his parting blessing. I assure you it was with Joyful
yet serious hearts that we left him to return to
America. He had filled our souls with his wonderful
spirit of love and _we were anxious to be away and
serving as he directed.
Yours in His service,
CHARLES Mason REMEY.

