BAHAI NEWS 7
had the blessed privilege of a visit to the Holy City. The la-
dies decorated the room most attractively. A long table, ex-
tending the length of the parlor, provided seats for thirty-
two, and chairs for at least twice that number were on the
sides, so that the attendance was well over 100. A garland
of smilax was suspended over the table, which was further
decorated with and other flowers, and with
candelabra, the lights from which lent a fairylike aspect to
the scene. Each pilgrim present narrated an experience of
the visit which had proven particularly impressive; sev-
eral of the friends who were not with us, had sent let-
ters, and these were read. The following were present or
represented: Mrs. Aseyeh Allen; Mrs. Louise Dixon Boyle;
Mrs. Emily Dixon; Mrs. Eleanor Dixon Doyle; Mrs. J. C.
deLagnel; Mrs. Joseph H. Hannen; Miss F. A. Knobloch;
Mirza Ali Kuli Khan; Mirza Ahmad Sohrab; Mirza Farajullah
Khan; Dr. Ameen Ullah Fareed; Mr. Stanwood Cobb; Dr. E.
O. Getsinger; Mr. Joseph H. Hannen; J. Phelps, and
Mr. Charles Mason Remey; these were the speakers, and
their experiences brought the audience .c1ose indeed to the
Sacred Presence! At the close of the meeting, copies of the
Misses Knobloch's and Mrs. Finch's notes were presented
as a souvenir.
A valued visitor recently was Mr. Howard Struven, now
again located in Baltimore, whose narration of experiences in
his trip around the World with Mr. Remey proved most help-
ful.
Mrs. Marie A. Watson is now with us, her address being
804 Street, S. W., care Hrs. Allen. Miss M. Althea Dorr
is also spending the winter season here.
On Sunday, Dec. 11th, our dear sister, Miss Mayo, passed
suddenly into the higher life. Bahai services were held on
Tuesday evening following. Our loving sympathy is extended
to brother Arthur D. Mayo. whose mother departed this life
a few months ago. Both were believers, and the joy prom-
ised to the faithful is theirs. For us is the sorrow of the
empty chair and the vacant place!
The practical demonstration of the value of effort toward
a definite end, afforded by the Mashrak-el-Azkar fund, should
be an incentive to continued eifort everywhere. The most
conservative estimate places the number of active Bahais in
this country at over 2,000. If every one were to contribute
one dollar weekly, we should have two thousand dollars every
seven days, or more than one hundred thousand dollars in the
course of a year! This should be possible as an average. Let
no one hesitate because of the smallness of individual con-
tributions. Remembering the great goal, Which is nothing
less than the presence of Abdul-Baha on our shores, let every-
one strive during the coming year to complete the under-
taking. This will be a demonstration of Unity which the
world cannot overlook.
Joseph H. Hannen.
CONVERSATIONAL PERSIAN TAUGHT BY
CORRESPONDENCE.
The Bahai Correspondence School teaches Persian by simple
lessons and phonographic records. Each pupil receives all
necessary individual help and attention through a system of
written lessons and criticisms. No Persian Written characters
are used; the English letters only are employed and pronuncia-
tions expressed in English characters. Many are taking advan-
tage of this system, both in Europe and in America.
For particulars address MIRZA S. M. RAFFIE. S. 729
Livingston Hall, Columbia University, New York City, U. S. A.

