2 BAHAI NEWS
must withstand them with the utmost love and
kindness; consider their oppression and persecu-
tion as the caprice of children, and do not give any
importance to whatever they do. For at the end
the illumination of the Kingdom will overwhelm
the darkness of the world and the exaltation and
grandeur of your station will become apparent
and manifest; nothing will remain hidden. If the
light remain in the depth of the well, ere long
its shining will appear on the summit of the hill.
The small ones will become great, the powerless
powerful, the babes will become the children of
the Kingdom, and the Wanderers reach the Divine
native land of the Father. Rest ye assured.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Nov. 14, 1909.)
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
PERSIAN-AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY.
In anticipation of an active fall and winter cam-
paign, the opportunity of reporting progress and
plans through the medium of the BAHAI NEWS is
welcomed.
A Committee of Reorganization is now consider-
ing an amended Constitution upon which to base a
world-Wide work, with no restrictions, such being
the instructions given by Abdul-Baha in the Tablet
addressed to the Ofiicers of the Society, and which
was printed in our previous review. It is contem-
plated that the name of the organization shall be
changed to the "Occidental Oriental Interdepend-
ence Association," or that a similar designation be
adopted which will adequately set forth its aims.
In addition to the subject of education, there are to
be separate divisions, known as departments or
committees, devoted to agriculture, industrial de-
velopment, commerce, medicine, arts and sciences,
etc. A plan somewhat similar to the Bureau of
American Republics, is in view, with the important
difference that the aforesaid Bureau is only for
North, South and Central America, while this As-
sociation is to be for the whole World.
In due season .it is hoped that a maga-
zine will be issued in connection with the work
of the new Association, printed in English, Persian

