BAHAINEVVS 9
publication concerning their In
reply he writes:
I shall be very pleased indeed to help you with the
matter of articles for the BAHAI NEWS. While
in India and Burmah I Wrote letters to the Washing-
ton Assembly and to the House of Spirituality (Chi-
cago) about the Work there. I think these would he
fresher and have more life in them than anything
which I could write now, for when it was written I
was amongst the people of whom I was Writing. I
wrote Mr. Wagner of Pasadena, Calif.) from 
yangoon telling all about our visit and the life there.
It seems to me that this letter would be just the
thing now since you have published in a recent issue
a letter by Maung Ba Kya of Mandalay in which
mention is made of Kungyangoon (Koon-Jan-Ghone).
The letters referred to have been obtained and
will appear in the near future. At Mr. Ren1ey's
suggestion we publish herewith the one telling
of the visit to
KUNGYANGOON.
E1-Mashrak-e1-Azkar, 20 Sparks 
Rangoon, Burmah, February 22, 1910.
Through Mrs. H. C. Wagner to the Bahai
Assembly, Pasadena, Calif., U. S. A.
Dear Friends in 
During the past few months Mr. Struven and I have
been unable to write as many letters as we would
have liked. We have plenty to relate which would be
of interest to the Bahais, with but little leisure for
correspondence.
After three weeks in Honolulu, we visited several
cities in Japan, remaining in Tokyo some days with
Prof. M. Barakt'ullah. There several meetings were
held with good results. Shanghai in China was our
next field for doing a little work. There interest in
the teachings is just beginning. While there we met
Mirza Abdul Baghi (pronounced baj-jy) one of the
firm Persian Bahais, who has lived there for several
years past. At last, after visiting various ports, we
found ourselves settled in the Mashrak-el-Azkar, at
the above address, amid the Bahai friends here in
Rangoon.
Our month here has passed very quickly. There
have been many meetings and we have met a number
of people. We spent some days with the friends in
Mandalay in Upper Burmah, and we only returned
to the city yesterday from a visit of several days with
the Bahais in Kungyangoon, a s_mall place off in the
jungle of the delta of the Irrawaddy River. This last
assembly was totally different from any I have ever
visited. It presented such a. picture of our Faith
amid surroundings so different and opposite to those
of the West that I am sure you will enjoy hearing

