BAHAINEVVS 3
had assembled, and some were disappointed. Now,
'surely, with the present degree of unity and harmony
of the Wasliington friends, all of this past is changed
and now, through united action, they can arrange study
meetings and carry them out in a united way.
This leads me to my point. Thousands of teachers
are needed in the Holy Cause, teachers who are ready
and capable of going out and proclaiming The Message.
Bro. Struven and I have been traversing an immense
field in which there is but a handful of laborers. The
people are hungry for the Word. Now we must do all
in our power to arise to this situation and prepare to
fulfil this calling and need.
Wherever we go we find that the men in the Cause
need encouragement, and need to come together as
brothers and work in the Cause. Sometime since I
Wrote to some of the men of theVVashington Assembly.
suggesting that they form an assembly of Teaching
among the men. Now is the time for us to carry on
a systematic spreading of The of the
seed. The Washington friends through concerted action
could with ease establish Bahai centers in the towns
about the city, as well as in the various parts of the
city, and then as the work progresses they will be able
to go to other cities and then establish assemblies.
Whenever there is a soul interested in a town there is
a chance to interest others. Vlfherever a door is thrown
open to the Cause, there the believers can go and meet
new people and give The Message.   
Here in Pasadena, Bro. Struven and I have been for
ten days busy every moment. The work in this vicinity
is growing each day. From here We go north to San
Francisco, Portland, Seattle and to other places in
Washington (state). Then we sail for Hawaii, Japan
and other places. We both join in love and greeting to
each and all.
Your brother in His Service,
CHARLES MASON RE MEY.
GEYSERVILLE, CALIF.
Nov. 9, 1909.
To the Members of The House of Spirituality of Bahais,
Chicago, I11.
Dear Brothers Of the forty and more cen-
tres which we have visited on this present tour, but
very few are organized for efficient work. In most
places the Work is carried on by the women almost
entirely. The fact that in many places the meetings
are held in the early afternoon would indicate the ab-
sence of many men. Wherever we have gone We have
tried to stir up the men to organized effort. Now, if
you could work for this end with all of the organized
assemblies in the country, I am sure that a great Work
would be accomplished. In order to hold and interest
men they must be kept busy. Women naturally gravi-
tate together in meetings even When there is no "work
doing, but men do not. Just now the men are most in
need of being reached.
In some assemblies they have started organizing

