10 BAHAI NEVVS
tremely beneficial to the Cause. _Among us in this 
as you have seen 1s none who can do this task
so well as a brother of us from the West. However, as it is
not yet too late, I hope you will see your way to help us in
this matter. We people in the East are accustomed
to vievv such events as full of mysterious significances; and my
personal notion is that the occurrence of such incidents in this
age is meant by Providence for the Widespread of the Message.
SYED Am.
The editors desire to express their deep apprecia-
tion of the hearty manner in which the friends are
co-operating with them, uniting their forces in an
effort to make the BAHAI NEWS a Worthy servant
in the glorious Cause. It is entirely a labor of
love, all serving for the joy of so doing, the money
received being used only to meet the necessary ex-
penses of publication and mailing. By adding the
Persian section, its field of service is widened, and
We hope, in time, if God Wills, that both sections
may be enlarged, thus permitting us to utilize more
of the valuable material on hand for publication.
Three thousand copies of a forty-page booklet,
printed in Persian by the BAHAI News Snnvicn, per-
taining to the hlashrak-el-Azkar project in America
up to and including the Convention of 1910, l1as
been mailed throughout Persia, Russia, India and
Egypt, during the past month. The manuscript
was compiled and Written by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
and the cover designed by Charles Mason Remey,
while the cost of its production was donated by
three of the American friends.
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR.
"The greatest affair and the most important matter today
is to establish a Mashrak-e1-Azkar and to found a Temple
from which the voices of praise may rise to the Kingdom
of the Majestic Annas.
The real purpose for the construction of a ma-
terial structure, called the Mashrak-el-Azkar, has
not been clear to all. Abdul-Baha tells us to exert
every energy to build the material 
may the outward represent the inward and the
form or letter express the reality or meaning." He
teaches that no soul is formed separate from a
body--hand in hand they come forth. As the great
Mashrak-el-Azkar work develops, the effect upon
the World, Abdul-Baha explains, is like the entrance
of the spirit into man. We must build this great
Body so that the ABHA Spirit may pervade the

