BAHAI NEWS 11
make constant endeavor in the expansion of its spheres,
and know ye of a certainty that it will be crowned with
great success. This subject is pregnant with far-reach-
ing results and when it is directed in a benefitting man-
ner, such Women will be trained in that Assembly that
the Whole world will be astonished by their eloquent
speeches and fluent utterances, and they will silence and
discomfort the orators of the East and the West. To-
day the Women in the Vvest lead the men in the service
of the Cause, summon the people under the shade of the
Blessed Perfection, and loo-sen their tongues in eloquent
lectures, delivery of wonderful proofs and the elucida-
tion of new arguments.
Signed) ABDUI.-BAHA Ansas.
We can testify that the above statement is the
truth. Nine-tenths of the active workers in the
Cause in the West are women. This should not
only encourage the women of the East, but should
awaken the men of the West to their duty in the
field of service.
Our Persian section this month contains: (1)
a Tablet to the Washington (D. C.) Assembly;
(2) an article on Universal. Bahai Education, quot-
ing from Tablets of concerning the
necessity of studying sciences and modern knowl-
eges, citing statistics to show how much the
United States spends for public schools and educa-
tion; (3) news items of interest to our Oriental
brothers and sisters.

We are pleased to announce the engagement of
Mr. Charles Mason Remey of Washington, D. 0., to
Miss Juliet Thompson of New York City. On be-
half of all the friends the BAHAI Wishes
them every happiness.
CHICAGO.
Regular weekly meeting of Assembly, Sunday, 11 a.
at Corinthian Hall, 17th floor Masonic Temple,
State and Randolph Sts. George Lesch, Sec'y. Ad-
dress of Assembly, P. O..BOX 283.
A word concerning the work faithfully per-
formed by the Board of Women's Assembly for the
past year: The records were beautifully kept, the
Treasurer performed her work faithfully and the
little box was supplied with the necessary means
for the Work done by the difierent chairmen. The
work done by the Corresponding Secretary is as

