BAHAI NEWS 5
LETTER FROM MR. SPRAGUE.
Teheran, Persia, March 19, 1910.
My dear Roy: I am busier than ever this
year and have little time for writing. The believ-
ers have made me principal of the Tarbiat School
as well as teacher and this keeps my hands full.
I have to deal out punishments to the boys, see
that they study, behave themselves, etc. Mr.
Sprague is a thing of the past. I am now known
as Eskandar Khan, the new name given me by
Abdul-Baha, and I wear a Persian kola. This has
made a very good impression among the Persians,
for they know that, as a rule, the Europeans look
down upon them and I am the first Westerner who
thinks it an honor to wear their national hat.
I have had the opportunity of meeting and
speaking to several persons of importance. Abdul-
Baha prophesied two or three months ago that this
year we would see many prominent persons come
into the Cause and this is being realized. We are
also seeing that Mohammedans are having a
greater respect for the Bahais. For instance, two
weeks ago Haji Akhoun died. He was one of the
most prominent Bahai teachers, a man of eighty,
who had been a believer about fifty years, who
had sufiered constant persecution, had been im-
prisoned many times--once for three years in
in the red days whenever he went out
of his house and walked through the bazaars he
would be cursed and insulted. But on the day of
his funeral he was taken to the cemetery with the
greatest respect, a company of forty police--all
be1ievers--escorting him. Not one cry was raised
in the bazaars, although all expected it.
The passing out of Haji Akhoun was very beau-
tiful. He had returned one day from the bath,
and complaining of feeling tired, he called for a
glass of water, drank it and without a word the
spirit left the body. About thirty years ago
had foretold, in a Tablet, that Haji
Akhoun would die in this way, peacefully and
calmly. He revealed this Tablet when Haji
Akhoun was in prison and all were expecting that
he would meet with some violent end. "What a
wonderful life to have lived and served and suf-

