18 BAHAI NEWS
The Maslirak-el-Azkar, surrounding which are His
Wondrous promises, is ever upon our hearts.
Isabella D. BM'-ttingham.
Mr. Roy O. Wilhelm, on a recent business trip,
visited Assemblies in Ohio, and \Vash-
ington, D. O.
Mr. Ralph A. Osborne, of Brooklyn, recently visited
the Chicago Assembly on his Way to Minneapolis.
VVASHINGTON, D. C.
The Bahai Assembly of WVashington, D. 0., holds
it-s meetings on Friday evenings at 8 o'clock, at
the Gareissen Studio, 1219 Connecticut avenue, N.
W. This Studio, which has been our headquar-
ters since December 1, 1909, is well located and
commodious, having a seating capacity of about
200. The Weekly meetings are well attended, and
interest is growing constantly. In addition to the
Friday meetings, there is a Sunday school, With
classes for children and an adult department, which
meets at 11:15 Sunday mornings, for the study of
bible prophecies and of the Ishrakat, Tarazat,
Tajalleyat and Tablet of Paradise. The Unity
Feasts are observed on the appointed dates, gen-
erally at the Studio, the rental of which covers
all of these meetings. These latter gatherings have
proven to be most helpful in the spread of the
Teachings, through the spirit of love and unity
which is noticeable there and attracts the seekers
as seemingly nothing else can.
We are fortunate in having splendid music at
many of our meetings, through the courtesy of Mr.
Arthur D. Mayo, Who is musical director in one of
our largest churches, and who frequently brings his
so-lo-ists and other singers of reputation, all of
Whom are attracted to the Cause and gladly give
their services, in the majority of instances asking
for the privilege of coming again and again.
On the evening of l\/larch 6th, an important
gathering assembled at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Hannen, representing the joining in one meeting
of the white and the colored Bahais and friends of
this city. Oonsiderable Work is being done among
the latter, and a regular Weekly meeting is held
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Dyer, 1937 13th street,
N. W1, on Wednesdays. In February of last year,
Abdul-Baha commanded that to prove the validity

