16 BAHAI NEWS
Fourteen years ago the following words were
revealed by Abdul-Baha in a Tablet to the Persian
believers:
The Divine confirmations have in every Way pre-
pared for you the means of development. Before long
your brethren Will'come to Persia from Europe and
America. They W111 organize new industries; found
the traces of civilization, various factories, the spread
of commerce, increase of agriculture, and the univer-
salfzzation of learning. As soon as security and tran-
quility are reached to the limit of perfection by the
endeavors of the government, they will come, and will
make the territory of Persia the envy of the World
and of the other provinces. At that time the govern-
ment will become exceedingly pleased, and the wishes
of this Servant in Wishing good for the Empire and
my sincerity to the Imperial Throne, will become
manifest.
The organization of the Orienta1~Ocoidenta1
Interdependence Society in America; the work
of Mr. Sydney Sprague and Dr. Susan I. Moody 111
Teheran; the journey of Mr. Remey and Mr. Stru-
ven, and now the inauguration of a Persian sec-
tion in the BAHAI NEVVS, all indicate that the
prophecy of Abdul-Baha is beginning to be fulfilled.
. .
GREAT SPIRITUAL AWAKENING IN PERSIA.
LETTER FROM TEI-IERAN.
Teheran, Persia, April 14, 1910.
Through' Mrs. John Deremo, See'y, Fruitport,
Mich., U. S. A.
Our beloved brothers and sisters in El-Baha:
We were extremely delighted to receive your kind
letter of January 31st, in which you very kindly
informed us of the improvement of the Cause at
Fruitport. Really, your letter was like a breeze
of the dawn, making the blossoms of the gardens
of our hearts to unfold and refreshing the trees
which the hand of God has planted in our hearts
and irrigated with the Water of love.
New we feel we must inform you of the im-
provement of the Cause in Persia, especially at
Teheran. The friends are busy serving in
the whole land of Persia, particularly at Teheran.
Most of the people of Teheran, including nobles
and others of ev_e1~y class, have been quickened
by a spiritual awakening, accepting the Cause
without the need of propounding any reason, for

