4 BAHAI NEWS
From every standpoint the proposed Occidental
Oriental Interdependence Association will be the
first organization of its kind in the world possess-
ing such a broad platform of universal principles,
and this is truly a movement along Bahai lines.
We pray God that He may confirm us to accom~
plish the great work ahead. Much can be done if
we have the co-operation of all.
During the coming fall and winter, however, the
Persian-American Educational Society will repre-
sent the working nucleus of the larger organiza-
tion, and our efiorts will be concentrated upon its
success. Since the last report, a draft for two
hundred dollars has been sent to Mr. Sydney
Sprague. Ten additional scholarships have been
subscribed, as follows: No. 40, Miss M. Billet, New
York; No. 41, Mrs. Gannett, New York; No. 42,
Mr. J. D. Bosch, Geyserville, Cal. N0. 43, Mme.
Aurelia Bethlen, Salt Lake City, Utah; No. 44,
Mr. F, G. Hale. of Jersey City, and Mr. James, of
Hoboken, N. No. 45, Mrs. Luella Kirchner,
Chicago; No. 46, C. B. Nourse, No. 47, Miss K. E.
Nourse, No. 48, P. H. Nourse, of Atlantic CitySteele, New York.
Many appreciative letters have been received
from prominent persons in Persia; the Persian
newspapers in Persia, Egypt and India have given
columns to the consideration of this vital subject,
predicting great things for the future. Thus the
Orient has awakened to the work we are undertak-
ing, and we dare not fail or stop short of large
achievements. It is reported that a very interest-
ing Constitution, written for the management of
the Society in Persia, has been received from the
authorities of the Tarbiat School.
The following communications received recently
by the Corresponding Secretary, will serve as an
indication of the interest manifested at remote
points:
Hi-s Honor, the Persian Consul of Batoum, Russia,
transmitted to me your little booklet of Persian-Amer?
can Educational Society, and he seems to be very much
interestedin this movement. Perhaps you have these
little booklets already translated and printed in French
and Russian. It will be very advantageous to us to
find these little books in these two languages, so that
we may spread it among our numerous acquaintances

