10 BAHAI NEWS
MEMBERS OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD OF BAHAI
TEMPLE UNITY.
Mr. Mountfort Mills, President, 327 West End Ave., New
York, N. Y.
Mrs. Annie L. Parmerton, Vice-President, 543 Mitchell Ave.,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
Mr. Bernard M. Jacobsen, Secretary, R. F. D. 35, Kenosha,
Wisconsin.
Mrs. Corinne True, Financial Secretary, 53.38 Kenmore Ave.,
Chicago, 
Mr. Artlfiilr S. Agnew, Treasurer, 2406 Smalley Court, Chi-
cago, .
Mr. Albert H. Hall, Legal Adviser, 723-726 New York Life
Bldg., Minneapolis, Minn.
Mr. William H. Hoar, N. J.
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, 1252 8th St., N. W., Washington, D. C.
Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, 104 Wall St.. New York, N. Y.
Trustees-Mr. Bernard M. Jacobsen, Mrs. Corinne True, Mr.
Arthur S. Agnew.
Architecture and Building Albert H. Hall, Mr.
Mountford Mills.
Ways and Means Roy C. Wilhelm, Chairman:
Mr. Albert H. Hall, Mrs. Annie L. Parmerton, Mr. William
H. Hoar, Mr. Joseph H. Hannen.
Honorary Members--Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, 1317 Jackson St.,
Oakland, Cal.; Mr. Charles Mason Remey, 1527 New Hamp-
shire Ave., Washington, D. C.
 
LETTER. FROM TEHERAN, PERSIA.
TO THE SPIRITUAL ASSEMBLY or FRUITPORT, MICH.
kind our souls be a sacrifice to you!
Your dear letter of June 28th, 1910, received, and its
reading gave us a world of happiness. As you had written in
the Persian language our correspondence became very much
widerour voices we address you
and say: "May all your hours be full of joy, because you
made US joyful!"
If you desire to inquire about our Assembly in this coun-
try: Everything is very good through the Divine blessing.
In these days many of the respected and important souls
have realized the value of the physical and spiritual phases
of this blessed Cause and have accepted the same.
Our Assembly, which is called "Mahfali-Murattab," is com-
posed of nineteen members. Its program is derived from
the order of the Blessed Perfection (Exalted is His Great
Glory!) and Abdul-Baha (may the soul of existence be a sac-
rifice to himl). We meet once a week; we open our meet-
ing first by reading the Tablet which was revealed for us
last year and which contains supplications for confirmations
from the Divine Threshold to our Assembly. After the read-
ing of the Tablet, we begin our discussion and consultation.
We correspond with most of the centers in Persia and with
the important cities of Europe and with some cities in Amer-
ica. In this manner we get our information about the prog-
ress of the Cause, and then spread it to other parts. One
of the recent events which we think is important enough to
mention to you is this: About three months ago two of the
firm and steadfast believers. Aga Seyed Abdul Hussein Ar-
destani and Aga Muza Assadollah Fazil Mazandarani, had per-
mission from Abdul-Baha to go to Nadjief (a sacred spot
near Bagdad) and teach in the Cause of God. It happened
that these two friends arrived in that place at the time when
the chief Mohammedan priest was shot by an unknown hand.
But through the power of God, which overcame this action,
they were set free and have returned to this city and all the
friends were glad to see them.
The Members of Mahfali-Murratab of Teheran, Persia.

