BAHAI NEWS 7
Americans who have visited Acca, as he spent four years in
the prison city translating and interpreting. Later, Abdul-
Baha sent him to the Jesuit Medical College in Beirut, and
to Teheran after his graduation. He is now on the stafi of
Hospital Sehat,* and has recently been appointed Chairman of
the Bahai Spiritual Assembly or Board of Council.
Susan I. Moody.
Star of the West, the upholder of the Teachings
of_ and the joy-bringer to the hearts of the
friends, has been received during the past few months. All the
Bahais here pray for the progress of this publication and-hope
that it will become perpetual and everlasting. We believe it
will accomplish a great service in dispelling darkness and ignor-
ance, from among the people and we request that the number of
Persian pages be increased, so that the friends may express
themselves through its columns. An article is enclosed to be
printed at your convenience.
SYRIA.
Star of the West has been received and we
were delighted to read its contents and realize that at last the
Bahai Movement is inpossession of an official organ. We are
sure that all the friends in the Orient, by word and deed, will
arise to assist this publication, which is the herald of the
Most Great Peace and the spreader of the fragrances of the
Covenant, so that it may not be discontinued because of lack
of financial assistance. Indeed, one dollar a year is not a
large amount and nearly every one should be able to subscribe.
for it.
LETTER FROM PARSEES OF SHARAZ.
Shiraz, Persia, Dec. 2, 1910.
Through the Editors of the BAHAI News, to our beloved
Western Bahai brothers and sisters:
We, the Zardushtees of Shiraz who have fortunately rea1--
ized the Light of E1-Baha, with very great pleasure send our
overflowing love to you, and long with a great desire for the
time when we may come to see you and you may come to
Persia to visit us. The love which the Word of Hazrati
has created in our hearts for one another cannot
be expressed with any physical means, but needs an oppor-
tunity of seeing one another face to face so as to express it.
As long as we have not that opportunity we must express it
with, material means, i. pen and paper, though thereis
a great diiterence between that which is made by the hands
of enen and the spiritual tongue which the Word of God has
ma e.
Before realizing the Light of E1-Baha, our hearts were
darkened with the hatred we felt towards those who were
not Zardushtee, but now our hearts are enlightened with the
light of love and brotherhood towards all the people of the
world. What a great bounty and heavenly gift our Merciful
Savior has given us? How can We ever thank Him for-such
a blessing'?
Dear friends, we do not know whether our Zardushtee
brothers in the West, realize the Light of the Sun of Love
or not. If they have not yet been honored with that blessing,
kindly tell them on our behalf that "Shah Bahrain," whom
Hazrati Zardusht has foretold and He whom we have been
Continued on page 10.
*See photograph in No. 11 issue BAHAI NEWS. He is in
center of second row.

