4 BAHAI NEWS
the sublimity of which was not in any sense
afiected by the introduction of a bit of extraneous
matter by the dear brother on whose behalf our
love and prayers are boundless and unending. The
ringing melody of the "Temple Song," written by
Mrs. Waite for the occasion, seems still resound-
ing within the hearts of those who were privileged
to join in its stirring strains.
The Business Sessions are described in detail
elsewhere in this issue of the BAHAI Nnws,
therefore, we will not outline them here. There
was an incident, however, which we will mention:
When the Convention oflicially closed at 5:15
Tuesday afternoon, a scene followed which
beggars description. All present clasped hands,
and in a moment a great ring was formed, reach-
ing around the large hall. All turned East and
prayed for guidance and strength. The thrill that
passed around the circle can only be appreciated
by those who were links in that great human
chain. Again the Spirit was powerful, and it was
with genuine regret that we left the scene of work
in His great Cause.
On the evening of the 26th inst., a large public
meeting was held, and here splendid addresses
were given by the visiting brothers and sisters,
while between these, sweet strains of music were
provided by the choral society--Miss Ellerman, a
fine vocalist, assisting. If human mind could com-
prehend the meaning of Glory added to Glory,
this great climax could better be described. It was
nearly midnight when a weary but happy band
turned their footsteps homeward, and as God's
work is followed by added strength, we realized
that greater power would come to all who parti-
cipated in this memorable occasion.
On Wednesday morning, the work of the con~
vention being over, the dark clouds gave way to
heavenly sunshine, and the bitter winds became
balmy breezes. Thus charmed by Nature's smiles,
many of the delegates and friends journeyed to
the site of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, whose great
dome shall soon become the center of all eyes in
America. The location is admirable, and gazing
out toward the East, with the receding waterline
of the great Lake Michigan in perspective, it
was easy to think of Acca and Haifa in the dis-

