6 BAHAI NEWS
LETTER FROM MR. SPRAGUE.
Teheran, Persia, May 21, 1910.
My dear Brother Ahmad: Your two letters, en-
closing check for ?61, were received last week.
Yesterday I presented your letters to the Spiritual
Assembly and at the same time were read two
Tablets from Abdul-Bahia giving his permission to
the believers to accept the ofiering from America
for the Tarbiat school. The believers are
going to discuss this matter at a special meeting
next Wednesday and then an answer will be sent
to you. At last I am happy to say things are mov~
ing here, and I hope the next time I write I can
send the names of the boys we have picked out
and also a report of what the committee has done.
I think the present committee that we have for
the Tarbiat school will also take charge of the af-
fairs of the Persian-American Educational Society.
I hope you will pardon my not writing more
often. One reason is, there was nothing definite
to write until the permission came from Acca;
another reason, that I have more than one man
can do. I have a good aid in the school 
Mirza Yousef Khan~--so will have more leisure.
Every day new pupils are coming. During the
past ten weeks seventy have been enrolled and the
school is too small and we must soon build a new
school.
Last week we had a reception in the school
which was very successful. The fathers of the
children were present and several notable persons,
such as Prince Farman-Farma, Sheik-or-Rais, the
American Minister, Mr. Russell, et al. The boys
delivered talks in English, French, Persian and
Arabic, went through a military drill and sang
patriotic songs. Mr. Russell seemed very pleased
with all he saw. The pictures were taken,
which I will send to you. Roy Wilhelm had sent
a fountain pen to be given to the boy who made
the best progress, and this was given and created
a good impression among the visitors.
Have I told you about the girls' school? It
looks as though we would have one started soon.
On the first day of the Feast of the Rizwan our
young men's society--the Mahfele-Morattab--of
which I am a member, held a meeting in one of

