8 BAHAI NEWS
illumining the darkened hearts of men. Therefore,
ye spiritual sisters and birds of the atmosphere
of significances! It is the time that, under the
shade of the Covenant, through the Protection and
Providence of the Beauty of ABHA and the power
of Abdul-Baha, we may extend to each other the
hand of friendship and impart to the world the
pearls of their teachings and instructions.
ye doves of the Kingdom of God, and birds of
Reality! If a nightingale does not sing during the
springtime, then at what time can it sing? The
spring of the Kingdom has raised its tent in the
iworld of existence and has adorned the created
things with a new garment, and has bestowed
upon the world of man a new life. Under all cir-
cumstances, we must adorn ourselves with the
garment of sanctity and purity. Under persecution
we must have patience and endurance. All the
Prophets and Messengers of God have given proph-
ecies regarding this Greatest Manifestation. Ey-
ery one in a special language has promised His
people the appearance of this Day and the glad-
tidings of the Manifestation of God and the Beauty
of our Lord. As soon as the temple of the world
reached to the state of maturity and the Coun-
tenance of the Beloved was unveiled from behind
the curtains of Glory and Majesty, the divine
springtime stepped forth into the arena of the
world like unto a bride, and through the appear-
ance of His highness the Bab, the earth of relig-
ions received a wonderful life and rejuvenation,
the Rose-Garden of the Kingdom became verdant
and green, the surface of meadow and field were
adorned with tulips and hyacinths, the trees be-
came full of blossoms, the sweet singing birds be-
gan to raise their melodies, the nightingale sang
the harmony of heaven, and the new plants burst
forth from the ground of hearts. Then the Blessed
Beauty of ABHA sat upon the throne of Greatness
and Lordship, the prophecies of the Books of all
the Seers of the past were fulfilled, the mysteries
of creation became realized, love and harmony were
imprinted upon the page of existence. When the
Sun of the Blessed Perfection became hidden be-
hind the cloud of Majesty, then the Center of the
Covenant sat upon the throne of Servitude, break-

