BAHAI NEWS 3
the enemies and became the centres of derision
and scofiing of the people of envy. They sacrificed
their homes and property and became homeless and
Wanderers. They experienced not one hour of
safety, nor a day of repose of mind or body. This
is the proof of the sincere lover and this is the
evidence of the faithful friend. If it were not so
every stranger would become a friend and the de-
prived one would become the confidant of the
mysteries, the remote one would become the near
one and the outcast would become the beloved.
Consequently the Most Great Wisdom has ordained
that the fire of tests shall rage and the rushing
torrent of ordeals sweep tumultuously from the
Mountain of Revelation, so that the untruthful may
become distinguished. from the truthful, the un-
righteous be known from the righteous, the wor-
shipper of self become separated from the Wor-
shipper of God, the good fruit be set apart from
the evil fruit, the signs of light become manifest
and the gloom of darkness be dispelled, the night-
ingale of trustworthiness sing the melody of love
and the raven of oppression croak the discordant
notes of error; the fertile soil become green and
verdant and the barren ground produce its thorns
and thistles; the attracted ones to the Breath of
ABHA become firm and the follower of passion and
desire turn away. This is the wisdom of trials and
this is the cause of ordeals.
ye friends of God! In these days the city of
Tabriz has become red with the blood of mankind.
Holy souls from among the believers of God sacri-
ficed their lives in the path of Manifest Light.
They hastened to the altar of love. Eyes are weep-
ing on this account, hearts are burning for these
events, lamentation and moaning is ascending to
the apex of the Supreme Concourse and great grief
and intense mourning is experienced. It is the
utmost yearning of Abdul-Baha to drink from this
cup of and become exhilarated with the
wine of sacrifice, so that the end of his life shall
become the opening chapter of Divine Bounty.
my Lord, confer upon me that overflowing cup
with the most great gift! Intoxicate me with that
wine of the glorious favor and sufier me to partake
of that food which cannot be tasted except by Thy

