BAHAI NEWS 3
RECEPTION TO Dr. MOODY IN TEHERAN.
The following letter has recently been received
from the maid-servants of God in Teheran, to the
maid-servants in Washington, D. C., and other cities
of the West, concerning a reception given in honor
of Dr. Moody, in the house of the maid-servant,
Fareeza Khanum:
HE IS GOD.
ye sons and daughters of God!
May our lives be a sacrifice to yo-11! In this
Day the maid-servants of Baha have gathered in
this house this morning and are engaged in reading
the Tablets and discussing spiritual matters with
Dr. Moody. She presented to us the photograph of
hits. Henrietta Clark Wagner, which was sent
for Fareeza Khanum. It gave us great happiness
and pleasure when we looked upon it. Those who
were present in the meeting kissed it many times,
and it was as though that spiritual sister was
present among us. We read Tablets and con-
versed until lunch time, and after the lunch the
girls of the Bahai school chanted for us with a
beautiful melody the Tablet of the Clarion. We
missed all of you. Afterward this maid-servant of
Baha and other maid-servants of the Cause of God,
and some of the remnants of the oi
Yazd, served tea. After the tea Dr. Moody sang
a holy commune. The meeting was overflowing
with joy and fragrance, and this maid-servant read
one of the Tablets of Abdul-Baha. About 4:30 p.
1n. the men began to come, and the grandson of the
"Beloved of the of Isphahan was present
and chanted for us a glorious Tablet with a sweet
melody.
Some time ago I received a Tablet from his
highness Abdul-Baha, commanding me to find some
photographs of the Purest Branch, and forward them
to American believers. As that photograph was
very hard to find, it was obtained with great 
culty. I enclose 19 with the name and a short
description. Please forward each to the particular
person mentioned and acknowledge receipt. The
circumstances connected with this photograph are
these: That immediately after the arrival of 
in Acca, the door of meeting was closed to
all the beloved of God. His highness the Purest
Branch, the brother of Abdul-Baha, begged martyr-

