BAHAI 3
movement from the Words of Abdul-Baha, and its
present needs.
As to the School of Tarbiat, the following Tab-
lets have been revealed:
There exists a great Confirmation in the School of
Tarbiat which is founded by the friends. Although
at this moment it is observed but by a few, yet it is
assisted by the Almighty. If the believers of God dis-
play generosity, that school will progress day by day
in all its grades. Encouragement and stimulus is
necessary. 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aiesas.
The problem of the School of Tarbiat is of the ut-
most importance. It is an essential obligation and
duty incumbent upon all the friends to serve that
school. This is the first school that the friends have
founded in Persia, and a.ll the people know that it be--
longs to them. Neglect and carelessness in the man-
agement of its progressive affairs is a blow to the
Cause of God. Therefore everyone must give extra-
ordinary importance to the school of Tarbiat and as-
sist it from some standpoint, either through enlight--
ened ideals or the introduction of modern system of
education, either by liberal contributions or continual
encouragement and assistance. To be brief: It is>> the
hope of this Servant that in the course of time this
school become distinguished from among all the
schools of the world. Now consider how important is
this matter.
(Sig'nccl.) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
The question of the School of Tarbiat is very im-
portant. Through the Bounty and Providence of the
True One it must become evident to all that it is the
first school of Persia and its graduates are the most
successful. Otherwise its non-being is better than its
being. Therefore display the utmost zeal in matters.
pertaining to the progress of this school.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS-
The Society has received the approval of Abdul-
Baha, the following Tablets having been revealed
recently, addressed to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and to
the officers of the Society, respectively:
To his honor Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
Upon him be 
HE IS eon!
In the last two mails, detailed answers have been
written to thee. Now the papers that -you have for-
warded pertaining to the Persian-American Education-
al Society have been received. Truly I say, although
the importance of this Society at present, is apparently
unknown, but if it remain firm and steadfast in the
future it Will become the Association of the union of
the realm of man, it will thoroughly combine and
harmonize the East and the West and accomplish a
great service to humanity.  

