4 A A I 
ABDUL-BAHA IN EGYPT.
Fourth of a series of special news items pertaining to the so
journ of Abdul-Baha in Egypt.
A CALL TO THE AMERICAN BAHAIS.
FROM MOHAMMED YAZDI.
Praise be to God! that Abdul-Baha has left the
gloomy city of imprisonment for the freedom of the
world. His only aim is to teach and raise the Stand-
ard. of the Cause. When he was under the surveil-
lance of the authorities in Acca and confined to a
limited prison life, he created the spirit of happiness
and joy in every heart, and never complained, neither
did he show distress or sadness on account of that
imprisonment. VVhen freedom was proclaimed in
Turkey, a constitution declared, the prisoners set
free, and a new era of brotherhood and good fellow-
ship ushered in among the various sects, Abdul-
Baha, while happy for the freedom of the people,
longed for his own imprisonment. His opinion was
that under all circumstances he ought to serve the
world of humanity, and while living in Acca he
served it efiectively, even though a prisoner; but
being freed, nothing was left for him to do in Acca,
and, like a bird released from its cage, he soared to
other climes and countries.
Abdul-Baha in all his divine characteristics, is
intensely human and keenly alive to the joys and
sorrows of existence. There is no one who feels
more acutely the sufferings of humanity than he
and no one loves his fellow-men more than he. Here,
in Alexandria, he lives exactly like other men; he
goes into the stores, into the mosques, into the
churches, into the schools and into the prisons. He
converses just as kindly and amiably with the hum-
blest man in the street as with the highest in the
land. His matchless and magnetic kindness attracts
all, whether ignorant or wise, rich or poor; he is
no respecter of persons and in some instances, after
a half-hour's conversation, his bitterest enemy has
become his staunchest friend.
His coming into Egypt has added great enthusi-
asm and zeal to the hearts of the friends. He has
uplifted them from a state of comparative oblivion
to a world-wide celebrity. He is no more a possible
or a fable; he is there, standing "powerful,
mighty and supreme!" The sun of his presence
radiates the light of love and compassion; people

