12 BAHAI NEWS
giving several talks in the New York Assembly.
Dr. Fareed brought with him a general Tablet from
the presence of Abdul-Baha to the American be-
Ilievers, embodying the same precious admonitions
to build the stable foundation of unity upon which
the structure of the sacred Mashrak-el-Azkar could
be erected. They proceeded in a few days to
TVashing"ton, D. C.
Mr. Edward B. Kinney, Jr., gave a very fine
entertainment in his studio on the evening of April
1st, the fund accrued to go to the Mashrak-el-
Azkar. He opened it with a talk of a very high
-order upon music. The musical programme, both
vocal and instrumental, was rendered by some of
his pupils who are artists in the real sense of the
word, and Miss Clark (an elocutionist and friend
of the family) contributed some most excellent
recitations. In a little interval Mr. Kinney gave,
in a most delicate and exquisitely forceful way, a
brief message of the advent of the Spiritual King-
dom in this great Day, prefacing it with a refer-
ence to the word "Mashrak-e1-Azkar" on the tickets.
Some of those who took part afterward spoke to
different ones of the guests of the inspirational
effect received from the audience. The spirit of
the evening was fine. It was Mr. Kinney's formal
dedication, in His Name, of his studio to music.
A goodly audience was present. This studio was
dedicated at the beginning to the Holy Cause.
Isabella D. Brittingham.
WASHINGTON, D. C.
Regular meetings held Friday evenings at 8:15
and Sunday School at 11:15, at the Gareissen
Studio, 1219 Connecticut Avenue. Permanent ad-
dress of the Bahai Assembly, or individual mem-
bers, post office box 192.
A notable feature of the Unity Feast of April 9,
is that our colored believers and friends are to be
invited to participate, the plan to hold every fourth
Unity Feast in this manner, being put into efiect
on this date.
The Visiting Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha for
Mrs. Amalie Knobloch has been read over her
grave by a large number of the Bahais of Washing-
ton on different occasions. March 13, Mr. Roy C.

