 A A I 7
In all the discussions, which were earnest and
participated in by powerful minds and great
souls, there was a unanimity of action which
abundantly testified to the Power of the Word to
bring about Unity. There was no difference be-
tween rich and poor, learned and unlettered.
Indeed, the special features of the meetings were
short talks by dear ones who explained their
inability to speak eloquently, but whose earnest-
ness made up for their shortcomings in rhetoric.
A description of the Convention would be inade-
quate if it failed to include a meed of praise for
the masterful service of our Brother Hall as
Chairman of its Business Sessions. In the majesty
of simple love, and displaying an infinite degree
of finesse, he guided our affairs safely past the
impending rocks of outside interference, and no
thought of inharmony marred the of
Heavenly Melodies. Joseph Hmmewh
Record of the Second Annual Convention of Bahai
Temple Unity, held April 25 and 26, 1910.
MORNING SESSION.
Mommy, APRIL 25, 1910.
In Corinthian Hall, 17th Floor Masonic Temple,
State and Randolph Streets.
The Convention was opened by Mr. Mountfort
Mills, President of Bahai Temple Unity, reading
the following Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha:
I-IE IS eon!
my God! my God! We are servants who have
sincerely turned our faces unto Thy Grand Face,
severed ourselves from all else save Thee in this Great
Day and are assembled together in this glorious meet-
ing of one accord and desire, and unanimous in thought
to promulgate Thy Word amid Thy creatures.
my Lord! my Lord! Suffer us to be Signs of
Guidance, Standards of Thy Manifest Religion through-
out the world, servants of Thy Great Covenant, our
Exalted Lord !--appearances of Thy Oneness in Thy
Kingdom, the and stars which dawn forth
unto all regions.
Lord, make us as seas rolling with the waves of
Thy Great Abundance, rivers flowing from the moun-
tains of Thy Glorious Kingdom, pure fruits on the
Tree of Thy Illustrious Cause, plants refreshed and
moved by the Breeze of hy Gift in Thy wonderful
vineyard.
0 Lord, cause our souls to depend upon the signs
of Thy Oneness, our hearts to be dilated with the boun-

