BAHAI NEVVS 15
In the light of these Words of just
quoted, it is evident that the BAHAI Nnws, which is
the proclairner of His Teachings, has as its motive
the desire to serve and assist all nations and peoples
in attaining this ultimate goal of the "Most Great
Persia, the dawning-place of the
Light in this Great Day of God.
NEWS FROM THE ORIENT.
Continued from page 11
Eight copies_ of the same booklet were confiscated by the
postal authorities and delivered to the head of the Mohamme-
dan clergy; also, the BAHAI was taken to the acting
governor. The clergy raised a great cry, Saying that they
contained articles against the constitution of the government
and _demanded that all Bahais should be expelled from the
province; but the acting governor declined, saying, that if
such a course were to be taken, thousands of persons would
surfer from the consequences.
We have written a "petition to the governor stating that if
it is his desire that we leave Persia for foreign countries we
will do it, but if he wishes us to remain in our native coun-
try, he should prevent these persecutions and put an end to
such deplorable conditions of one day killing this one, another
day expelling that one, another day pillaging the property of
the Bahais, and then endeavoring to exonerate the perpetrators
of such deeds; that these actions are against law and in con-
tradiction to the fundamental principles of the constitution.
The head of the clergy has issued an edict, ordering that
everything coming from America should not be delivered, and
according to a report from Subsabzavar, the BAHAI NE-ws No.
11 is confiscated. The conditions are so bad that we have
ceased to hold meetings except the spiritual meeting and one
for teaching. These difficulties, however, have increased the
fire of enthusiasm and added to the zeal -of the friends.
A certain man, who has instituted a small rebellion against
the government and gathered around him a number of men,
went, last week, to Faran, killed a policeman and sent a mes-
sage to one of the prominent Bahais asking him to give him .a
thousand dollars or he would take his head and that of his
son and send it to his chief as a gift. After much parleying,
he agreed to accept four hundred dollars and spare" the heads,
but with the understanding that he extort fifty dollars from
every Bahai. Such are the awful persecutions we are under-
going. They consider the killing of Bahais as the greatest
worship of God, to pillage their property as lawful and to per-
secute them as just.
Regarding our schools, the following incident will illustrate
the situation: We have lately heard that the Mohammedan
clergy of this province are discussing the question of with-
holding books of geography from the children, claiming they
will become too familiar with the existing conditions in other
parts of the World, and this is harmful to Islam. There is,
therefore, no modern school for boys, much less for girls.
NAJAF is a town of twenty thousand inhabi-
tants, situated about twenty miles from Esphahan. For years
we have been a growing Bahai centre. Janabe Zain, the fa-
mous Bahai penman and disciple of who de-
parted this life a few years ago and whose sons are the sec-
retaries of Abdul-Baha, was a native of this town. Recently
we received a copy of the BAHAI Nnws, which created great
activity and happiness among us. In order to be in touch
with the news of the Cause, our Assembly has appointed
Mirza Abdul Vahlab as correspondent, that we may write you
every nineteen days. He has agreed to go to Esphahan every

