12 BAHAI NEVVS
well known as it is universal. Mrs. Loeding,
-Chairman of the Sick Committee, and her assist-
ants, Mrs. Scheffler and Mrs. Bonds, visited the
sick in many hospitals and homes, bringing fruit
and flowers, and, best of all, Bahai love and cheer.
Mrs. Foster, Chairman of the Philanthropic Com-
mittee, is doing good work for the needy ones, as
is also Mrs. Bara. Miss Jones, Chairman of the
Educational Commitee, is interested in developing
the Sunday School. We have established the truth
of Abdul-Baha's words to our Chairman of Organi-
zation, Mrs. Waite, while she was in Acca, that
women should organize assemblies for the spread-
ing of the Truth. He said: "There must be or-
ganization to accomplish orderly and systematic
work. Without it no headway can be made."
I da F. Brush, Pres. Womewfis Assembly.
DENVER, COLO.
Secretary of Assembly, G. Nathaniel Clark, 4141
Xavier St.
While Mrs. Ella T. Nash and her daughter, Miss
Louise Nash, were visiting Mrs. Willard Ashton, at
Horse Shoe Ranch, Estes Park, a sad accident oc-
curred, caused by horses being frightened by an
automobile, and resulted in the death of baby Ash-
ton. Mrs. Ashton was thrown out of the vehicle,
followed by Mrs. Nash, who was holding the baby.
Mrs. Nash sustained an injury of a fractured col-
lar bone. The baby never regained consciousness.
His little body was laid away on a beautiful hill-
top overlooking the valley. The natural sur-
roundings fittingly lent themselves to the meaning
of the service, which included the following read-
ings and prayers:
To consider that after the death of the body the
spirit perishes, is like imagining that a bird in a cage
will be destroyed if the cage is the bird
'has nothing to fear from the destruction of the cage.
Our body is like the cage, and the spirit is like the bird.
see that without the cage this bird flies in the world
of sleep; therefore, if the cage becomes broken, the bird
wvill continue to exist; its feelings will be even more
powerful, its perceptions greater and its happiness in-
creased. In truth, from hell it reaches a paradise of
delights, because for the thankful bird there is no para-
dise greater than freedom from the cage.
Infants are under the shadow of the favor of God,
and as they have not committed any sin and are not
soiled with the impurities of the world of nature, they

