4 BAHAI NEWS
other countries, are also facing the educational
problem, and they, too, need our assistance.
By assistance, I mean our co-operation in starting
these enterprises. There seems to be a slight mis-
conception of the kind of "assistance" which our
Eastern friends need in this Work. They do not
need our money to support their institutions. No
one should for a moment consider our Work amongst
them in the light of a "charity." The Bahais of the
East represent the most progressive of the people.
They are prosperous. To be sure, a year or two
ago, We heard ta great deal of the financial and com-
mercial troubles of our people in Persia, but that
Was during the revolutionary troubles, when the
Whole country was crippled in business Ways. Now
that is all passed and the financial outlook there is
better than ever before. hfoney is needed for carry-
ing on any practical Work, but the point to bring out
is that the Bahai institutions of the East do not re-
quire to be supported by \\7estern subscriptions and
contributions. Our energies and funds should be
so directed as to meet in the most efficient manner
the needs in question.
The Way in which I feel We can best serve in the
East is through helping the friends there to inaugu-
rate and start needed good works. Our enterprise
and practicality of temperament, combined with their
knowledge of the conditions and needs of their own
people, forms a very practical basis upon which to
build. The Work of Dr. Moody and Mr. Sprague
in Teheran quite proves this. Surely the founding
of a girls' school in Teheran marks a most impor-
tant development in the Bahai Work in Persia. This
institution which is being established is but one of
the many needed. Once established and running and
n1iniste1"irg to the needs of the people, this girls'
school will prosper and not lack for support. A
timely and needed institution always lives. Our
policy should be to hold ourselves in readiness to
give our timely co-operation along all of the vari-
ous avenues for service now opening between the
East and the \Yest. The good Work done in Teheran
by -our two VVeste1'n Bahais there proves that the
actual presence of the sincere \Vestern Bahai worker
in an Oriental assembly is productive of more good
than could have been accomplished through the ex-
penditures of vast sums of money.

