BAHAI NEYVS 15
PHILADELPHIA.
The Philadelphia Assembly hold meetings every
Friday and Sunday evenings, meeting at the homes
of the believers going in alphabetical order. The
meetings are full of the spirit of love, the believers
being united as one soul in many bodies. Our aim
is to ever strive to hold aloft the snow-white ban-
ner of unity. Every nineteen days we commemor-
ate the nineteen-day Feast, and it is a heavenly
spiritual Feast of the Love of God.
Our Assembly was favored by a visit from Miss
Annie T. Boylan, of New York, while she was on
her return from the Convention held in Chi-
cago, at which she was a New York delegate. Her
visit to our Assembly was very helpful to all who
attended the meeting and many thanks from our
Assembly are due to her for her kindness.
The Message is being continually spread in this
city. There is much work being done in a quiet
way. Jessie E. Revell.
PORTLAND, OREGON.
Recently, a Dr. Buchanan, who is not a Bahai,
gave an interesting lecture at Fellowship Hall.
His subject was: Commercial Prophecy Soon
to be Fulfilled." He stated that a survey had been
made by Captain Cameron of the Royal Navy and
now in the British Admiralty Office in London.
This survey is to build a canal from Acca to the
river Jordan, thence to the Dead Sea, filling it up
to the level of the Mediterranean Sea, showing
clearly that the two last chapters of Ezekiel will
be literally fulfilled. Later, we had the opportu-
nity of delivering to him The Message, with which
he was much impressed.
He delivered, one afternoon, at the 'Women's
Club, a splendid address on the economic question.
The three principal points of his lecture were:
1st, National Co-operation; 2d, Commercial Co-
operation, and 3rd, Religious Co-operation. He
showed clearly that Jerusalem was to be the great
co-operative center of the world, and just before-
the close of his talk he gave The Message, telling
of the coming of the Bab, and Abdul-
Baha, and ended by saying: "Who knows but that
this great Bahai Message is to be the great co-

