18 BAI-IAI NEWTS
in hopes that the friends in the Vi/'est will arise to
assist in this educational matter. In Mandalay a
school is also much needed. The mass of believers
here in Burmah are very poor, and alone they cannot
inaugurate this matter. They need a helping Bahai
hand from without their circle.
The education of children is one of the most
important commands of In the West
on account of our excellent school systems, the Bahais
as a body have not been called upon to found such
institutions, but here in the Orient it is a very serious
question before our people to be solved.
It would be well if some of the assemblies would
correspond occasionally with the centers here in Bur-
mah. Letters sent to the above address will be
forwarded to the Mandalay friends.
The Bahais here send you their love and greeting, to
vhich Mr. Struven and I add ours.
Yours in the Love of Abdul-Baha,
CHARLES Mason 
Extracts from a. letter Written Mr. Remey to the
members of The Woman's Assembly of Chicago,
dated Bombay, India, April 19, 1910:
BOMBAY.
My dear sisters, there is a great work for you to do
among the Women of the East--a work which none
save you (the Bahai Women of the West) can do!
The Eastern woman needs the helping hand of her
'Western sister. For ages she has been left
in ignorance and in the slavery which ignorance per-
force places one. Under the light of the Bahai Cause
she now realizes her condition and seeks the freedom
which enlightenment and education alone can give. She
must now be taught, buthere in the East she has no
teachers! She is awaiting your coming and the
emancipation and blessings which that will bring.
Bahai women teachers from the West are greatly
needed in all parts of the Orient. Western
teachers must come here and live. Flying visits are
not sufficient to meet the needs.
Tvoman is the key of the problem of Oriental educa-
tion both material and spiritual, and We see clearly
that the Bahais must arise to meet this need. 
CHARLES MASON REMEY.
CONVERSATIONAL PERSIAN TAUGHT BY
CORRESPONDENCE.
The Bahai C>>'0r'rcspo12dence School teaches Persian
by simple lessons and phonographic records. Each
pupil receives all necessary individual help and atten-
tion through a system of written lessons and criti-
cisms. No Persian Written characters are used; the

