6 BAHAI NEWS
be destroyed, for it is eternal; hence it is estab-
lished that the love which exists among the be-
loved of God is everlasting, for it is a Divine
bounty, a Godly appearance, a melody of the
Kingdom and a heavenly cohesion.
"In the Koran it is said: 'They love Him and
loves them'--i. the bounty of love is one
of the Divine bounties which comes to man from
God; just as the sun when it sends its rays to the
mirrors and thereby the mirrors are illumined;
this effulgence and splendor are from the bounty
of the sun. Therefore, this love which is among
the beloved is a Divine bounty, a Godly splendor,
an eternal manifestation and the power of Divin-
ity' it is perpetual.
"Praise be to God! Ye are gathered here under
the shadow of the Blessed Beauty and your hearts
are overflowing with His love, your souls are re-
joicing in His favors and Abdul-Baha is serving
you. What more do you need?"
Talk N0. 3--Haz'fa, May 15, 1910.
Uttered by Abdul-Baha on the day of the annual
celebration of the Bab's Declaration, held on
Mount Carmel, when representatives of all differ-
ent religions, such as Jewish, Zoroastrian, Chris-
tian and Mohammedan Bahais were seated around
the table and Abdul-Baha was serving them all
personally:
"There are different gatherings and various
meetings held in the world which apparently are
in the utmost degree of arrangement and order;
in the palaces of the kings many feasts and
banquets are held which are incomparable and
peerless; also, in the castles of the opulent ones
great entertainments are presented and various
kinds of foods and victuals are served; the singing
of melodious tunes and playing of musical in-
struments exhilarate and deeply affect the con-
course. Associations for political afiairs are
formed and convivial banquets for pleasure and
gratification are offered; assemblages for exhibi-
tion of arts and sciences, literature and acquire-
ments are established; meetings for the promo-
tion of industry and commercial matters are being

