6 BAHAI NEVVS
AROUND THE WORLD WITH MESSRS.
REMEY AND STRUVEN.
Third of a Series of Letters Under This eacling.
We take the liberty of prefacing the letters se-
lected for this issue with the following Tablet to
one of the friends at Cincinnati, 0., believing it
not only confirms the correctness of the observa-
tions of our brothers that organization and syste-
matic Work is needed in many centers, but that it
will assist such centers in their endeavor to com-
ply with the Wish of Abdul-Baha expressed therein:
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
HE IS eon.
thou seeker of the Kingdom!
Thy letter Was received. It is impossible to organize
the House of Justice in these days; it will be formed
after the establishment of the Cause of God. Now, the
Spiritual Assemblies are organized in most of the cities,
you must also organize a. Spiritual Assembly in Cin-
cinnati. It is permissible to elect the members of the
Spiritual Assembly from among the men and Women;
nay, rather, it is better, so that perfect union may re-
sult. According to the Texts of the Akdas the dues are
to be collected in the Treasury in order to meet the
necessary demands, but do not make the dues obligatory
to anyone. Everyone can pay according to the dictates
of their hearts and let it be a voluntary contribution.
thou seeker of the Kingdom! Now is the time that
you may become engaged in that country in the promo-
tion of the V>>'ord of God, the diffusion of the sweet
fragrances of the Paradise of ABHA and the spreading
of the Divine Teachings.
Upon thee be the Glory of God!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 18, 1910.)
HONOLULU, H. I.
Honolulu, H. I., Dec. 10, 1909.
To the Members of the House of Spirituality of Bahais,
Chicago, 111- 
Dear Brothers In His Name leaving the
Coast it Was -in my mind to Write you something about
the things which Brother Struven and I had experienced
in our visits with the various friends of the many Bahai
Assemblies in America, hoping in this Way to be of
service to you by helping you to come into closer touch
with these many centers. 
Both Brother Struven and I feel the necessity of
systematic and united work and organization in the
various Assemblies; that the believers -should unite and
Work in the name of the Assembly, Whichever one it
may be. 
It seems to me that The House of Spirituality can

