BAHAI NEWS 5
There are very few English there. A-ll of this progress comes
from the native government There the Cause is
also 111 a good war. 
Here in Bombay We are having a beautiful a
busy one with the friends. Several lectures are arranged. One
before the students of Elphistoni College for this afternoon,
and one for next Friday before the Theosophical Society. Many
truthseekers are coming to the Mashrak-el-Azkar, where daily
nleetings are held. 
Here in these Oriental countries 1 see everywhere the need
of the Western Bahais. These people here have something
for us. From them we can learn a lesson of devotion and
love, and we can also teach them certain things which they
must learn. From my experience in these several Oriental
countries I see, and have seen for some time, that the Cause
here needs Western enthusiasm and "push" to bring it out.
We must come to their aid in this matter. 
The most necessary of all things now in the Bahai Cause in
these countries of the East, is that some teachers may be
sent to the East. The Oriental Bahais have given us the
motive force of the Cause; now we must go back to them
with the application of the same. 
Faithfully yours in His Holy Cause,
CHARLES ;\I.isoN REMEY.
P. S.-- There was a good turnout this afternoon
at the lecture on the Bahai Movement before the students of
the Elphistorn should say about two hundred. After-
wards We took tea with the Principal of the College and con-
tinued the good work. C. M. R.
XVORDS OF 
Some of the words uttered by Abdu,Z--Baha- to
Messrs. Howarcl U. S1'-raven and Charles Mason.
w-hi-le in his presence at aifa, Syria, May,
1910:
"Welcome! You are blessed. in making such a
World pilgrimage and by being allowed to serve in
so many countries. l\Iany tourists travel around the
globe visiting places and cities, but their tours have
no lasting effect and are soon forgotten. The effect
of your tour will be eternal. Its effect Will be seen
during the ensuing centuries."
Abdul-Baha mentioned the great love With Which
the Persian Bahais had greeted Dr. Moody When
she arrived in Persia, accomp-anied by Mr. Sprague,
saying that between Enzeli, on the Caspian Sea, and
Teheran there were nineteen relay stations and at
sixteen of these there were Bahais gathered to greet
these lYestern Bahais.
Abdul-Baha then asked about Professor Barakatul-
lah a11d the Work in Japan. When told of the
labors and service of that believer, he Was very
pleased, and said that if the people of Japan re-
sponded to the Teaching theirs would be a blessing
and production of the g'1'Patest good.

