BAHAI NEWS 11
Because of lack of space We cannot publish these
interesting and inspiring letters, but the following
from Esphahan expresses the spirit of them all:
To the Editor of the Occidental Messenger:*
A star shone forth from the West and became the sun of
the heaven of Truth in the East. The BAHAI Nnws, No. 8,
which was adorned with the Persian section, was received this
week. In truth, we must congratulate the assembly of human-
kind and rejoice greatly for the appearance of this luminous
star in the heaven of literature. For it is the first star which
has appeared from the clear horizon of the Bahai Cause for
the education of the cl.-fidren of men and the progress and
advancement of the majestic ideals of life and the spread of
the teachings of God. It is hoped that the Occidental Mes-
senger may establish a strong tie of union and harmony between
the various Eastern and Western Bahai Assemblies, may con-
solidate the pillars of peace and concord among the children
of humankind, and become the most efiicient instrument for
the promulgation of the Word. If We consider with a clear
and ponder with deep insight. the power and grandeur of
the Religion of will become clearer than the
sunlight, and one can realize how the influence of the ethical
and spiritual teachings of this Cause have perfumed the East
and the West. It has become evident to wise men that the
union of the world of man, which is the hope of all the children
of God, can never be established except through the Religion
of Therefore, those who have attained to the
highest station of knowledge and understanding know that the
spread of this Religion is the first step for the salvation of
humanity and the best means for the attainment of success and
prosperity. For th-is reason the friends with soulful enthusi-
asm and with all the spiritual and material means at their
hands are continually serving the Cause so that this Beloved of
Hope may unveil her countenance in the assemblage of man.
The ruthless laws of the "survival of the fittest" and the
"struggle for are apparently the unchange-
able policies of the human world--unless they are founded upon
spiritual laws derived from the Religion of God, will become
the deadliest instruments for the suffering. unrest and inequali-
ties between the children of men. For this "survival of the
fittest" and "struggle for existence" in former ages, have
caused 'untold havoc and destruction to the people; nay. rather,
in this Age, which is the period of progress and civilization,
those very merciless laws are well rooted in the structures of
the civilized world and have taken unto themselves aspects
of barbarism and warfare, and created problems of capital
and labor, national and racial prejudices; so much so that
thousands of men and men have given up their lives hope-
lessly, and have put an to their existence by' inflicting upon
themselves cowardly acts. such as suicide, etc.
Therefore, the so-called civilization and enlightenment of
today falls short of the divine perfections and true humanity,
and in order to attain to this high goal it is necessary that
man make great progress in the reformationof the moral world
and the progress of the spiritual element in his being. To
attain to this station is impossible the teach-
ings of the Religion of ABHA. It is the Divine Instructions
that unify the families of men, and the behests of Abdul-Baha
that ennoble and spiritualize the' people of the earth.
Praise be to God! that the Occidental Messenger is the first
paper which is the standard bearer of the unity of mankind
and the spreader of the Teachings of in the world
of literature. Although outwardly it is small and unassuming,
yet in reality it has accepted a noble and divine responsibility,
and we hope that through the invisible confirmations it may
*The title of the Persian section of the Barn: Nnws.

