14 BAHAI NEWS
and communication exists between the sons of men,
without which peace, life and existence is entirely im-
possible. For a soul independent of all the other souls
and without receiving assistance from other sources
cannot live for the twinkling of an eye; nay, rather,
he will become non--eXistent and reduced to nothing-
ness; especially among the believers of God between
whom material and spiritual communication is devel-
oped up to the highest point of perfection. It is this
real communication, the essential necessity and require-
ment of which is the mutual helpfulness, co-operation
and confirmation. "Without the complete establishment
of this divine principle in the hearts of the friends of
God, nothing can be accomplished, for they are the
hyacinths of one garden, the waves of one sea, the
stars of one heaven and the rays of one sun. From
every standpoint the essential unity, the luminous unity,
the religious unity and the material unity are founded
and organized between them.
In these times the utmost hope and wish of the
friends of the West is the erection of the Mashrak-el-
Azkar and in those regions the materials for construc-
tion and building are expensive and costly; a large
sum of money is needed for the building of a resi-
how much more is needed for the founda-
tion of the Mashrak-el-Azkar which must be erected
with the utmost splendor, beauty and magnificence.
Therefore, the friends of God must arise in every part
of the World to raise contributions and with their
hearts and souls strive to gather these funds to be
sent to the Occident that it may become known and
evident throughout the universe that the Bahais of
the East and Vv'est are as members of one household
and the children of the one Lord. The Turks and the
Persians, the Parsee and the Americans, the Hindu
and the Africans, all of them are one army and one
cohort and without any consideration they arise for
the assistance and aid of each other.
This praiseworthy movement is beloved and accepted
in the Threshold of the Forgiving Lord. Truly, I say,
in the erection of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Ishkabad,
the friends of God have laid the foundation of the
oneness of the kingdom of humanity and they worked
nobly together until now and it is nearly completed.
Praise be to God, that at this moment from every
country in the world, according to their various means,
contributions are continually being sent toward the
fund of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in America.
Convey the gratitude of Abdul-Baha to all the friends
of God in this service.
In reality this magnanimity of the believers is worthy
of great praise and thankfulness, for from Teheran.
Korosan, Shiraz, Jahram, Esphahan, even from the
towns and villages of Khorassan, Shiraz and Yazd
contributions were sent. This donation in the path of
the Orb of Regions is conducive to the happiness of the
souls of the spiritual ones.
From the Day of Adam until now such an event has
never even been witnessed by men. that from the farther-
most country of Asia contributions were forwarded to
the farthermost country of America. From Rangoon,
India, donations are sent to Chicago, and from ahram,
a little village of Shiraz and Kheirol-Gora of Tarshiz,

