2 BAHAI NEWS
Lord! Lord! These souls are righteous,
their hearts attracted, their minds enkindled
their ears opened, their eyes seeing, their spirits
rejoiced, their breasts dilated, their realities con-
tented, their identities, satisfied and their hearts
attentive. They are supplicating toward Thee,
turning their faces to Thee, and begging for Thy
Mercy.
Lord! Lord! Enkindle their lamps, ignite
their torches, uplift their waves and open to them
the Door of Bounty.
Lord! Adorn their gardens, beautify their
orchards, illumine their faces, confirm their
words, hoist their ensigns, commemorate their
names, perfect their morals, cleanse their hearts,
purify their breasts and glorify their counten-
ances; so that the manifest light may be seen
upon their br-o-w, and the Bloom of Paradise in
their faces. Verily, Thou art the Merciful, Thou
art the Clement, the Compassionate and the An-
cient!
ye friends of God! The waves of confirma-
tions are successive and the hosts of assistance are
drawn in battle array. The armies of the King-
dom of ABI-IA, like unto the waves of the Supreme
Concourse, are tumultuous, and the Breezes of
Providence waiting from the direction of Grace.
rejuvenate with new life every faded and withered
soul. The trees of the Garden of the Covenant
are stirred into the utmost cheerfulness and the
fruits of the Orchard of the Testament have
reached the stage of perfection, sweetness and
delicacy. The Majestic Palm produces luscious
dates, and the Luminous Star shines with infinite
brightness. The of the City of God bestow
eternal life, and the Divine Wisdom grants spirit-
ual insight. The Bounties of God are perfected on
every side, and the Favors of the Most High have
encircled all. Blessed are again,
blessed are you!--for you have become the object
of the Bestowals of the Beauty of ABHA and the
Center of the Revelations of the Mysteries of the
Supreme Concourse.
His honor Ameen* has given the utmost praise
*Note: Ameen is one of the old, venerable, sancti-
fied teachers of 

