4 BAHAI NEWS
AROUND THE WORLD MESSRS.
REMEY AND STRUVEN.
Fourth of a of Letters under this eading.
Certain letters from our brothers printed in pre-
vious issues of the BAHAI NEWS properly belong to
t-he series and should be incorporated in this article.
'We refer to one under the heading "The Outlook in
Japan" (No. 2 issue), and one concerning Kunja.n-
goon (No. 8). As it is unnecessary to reprint
them, We present the following, Written at Rangoon
and Bombay, India, respectively:
RANGOON, BURMA.
Rangoon, Burma, Feb. 10, 1910.
The House of 'Spirituality of Bahais, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Dear Brothers in Struven and I arrived
here one week ago and arc enjoying, more than I can express,
the companionship of the believers in this and neighboring
cities. 
The time has come in India for the Cause to be known
outside of Islam. As in the early days, Christianity was for
years considered as a sect of Judaism, so now in many Ori-
ental countries the Cause of E1-Anna is thought to be a
Moslem sect. Now, through the assistance of the Western
friends, this notion is being corrected. "Then our teachers
come and travel in these countries they prove 'to all that
the Holy Cause is for the West as well as the East. This
has a powerful ezfect upon the people, and through it many
are attracted.
Brother Struven and the Rangoon Assembly send you and
all of the friends greeting. We are busy day and night with
meetings and receiving truthseekers from every phase of
religion, Jews, Christians, Moslems, Parsecs, Buddhists and
Hindoos (Brahmans). 
In His Service,
CHARLES Mason 
BOMBAY, INDIA.
Bombay, March 24, 1910.
To the House of Spirituality of Bahais, Chicago, Ill.
Beloved Brothers in the Love of 
After leaving Rangoon, We came on to India, landing in
Calcutta. There We remained six days, where several well-
attended meetings and feasts were held, including one public
lecture. In Calcutta one assembly is composed chiefly of
young men. It is a new center, yet full of life and vitality.
There we had a very profitable stay.
From Calcutta we Went to Benares, Cornpau, Agra, Delhi
and Mount Aboo. Our travels in these places were chiefly
on account of wishing to see the many architectural remains
of past India. From this latter place We went to Baroda,
where our good friend, Mirza Mahmood, was expecting us.
Baroda is the capital of one of the free states of lndia,
which has its own government, ruler, etc. It IS the
most progressive place (native) which we have visited here,
in India. Its Maharajah is the wealthiest ruler in these parts.
museums, schools and the like for the benefit of his people.

