10 BAHAI NEWS
any further instructions regarding the Temple work.
The only instructions which he gave us were regarding
the Unity of the believers in this great work. That,
we learned, as before taught, is the all necessary thing.
The design, style, construction and all else of the build-
ing should be but as after thoughts 'When we consider
them with this great unity of the souls of the believ-
ers, which is the real Temple, the Spiritual Temple!
Incidentally Abdul-Baha said that the Temple should
be as beautiful as the friends could make it, but this
was but a side remark when compared with his dis-
courses upon the Spiritual Temple which is the unity
and solidarity of the believers.
You know how interested I have been in the material
side of the Temple. 'Well, now since this last visit to
Abdul-Baha. this interest has become secondary to the
immaterial work which must first be accomplished.
I left Howard in Europe. A postal from him yes-
terday tells me that he is traveling in Europe, Where
he will visit several of our Bahai centers. He will
return to the States sometime during the summer. I
am here in again to settle down and as-
similate and try to give to others some of the many
blessings received in the Holy Land and from our
people in the many countries visited during the past
year.
Enclosed I send you a check "for ?135 (one hundred
and thirty five pounds sterling) which Abdul-Baha is
sending for the Temple from the believers in the East.
As yet I have not gotten a hold of matters and
work. Now, please tell me if there is any way in
which I can help you with the Temple Work. Soon I
will be busily engaged in material Work, but I will
make time and opportunity for the Bahai work.
Please give my love and greeting to all and let me
know how I can help you.
Yours in E1--ABHA,
Charles ason Remey.
LETTER FROM MANDALAY.
Mandalay, April 11, 1910.
My dear brothers and sisters in the Cause of God:
Your missive concerning the Mashrak-El-Azkar
brought the breeze of the love of those beloved
ones who are trying with all their strength to
serve in the field of God. At the command of
Abdul-Baha you are giving these things to weak,
hungry and thirsty ones.
We were made happy by the welcome arrival of
Mr. Remey and Mr. Struven, whom we had so
earnestly longed to see and hear from them of
their visit in China, Japan and Honolulu, Where
they met with those beloved of God.
In our country there are about four hundred

