BAHAI NEWS 3
and perhaps Arabic, and as the Association grows,
also in other Oriental languages. There are to be
agents in all countries, and to that end a committee
of correspondence with all parts of the World will
be an early development.
The headquarters of the Occidental Oriental
Interdependence Association will be in Washing-
ton. World Conventions are to be held every three
or five years, the place to be designated at each
Convention for the succeeding one.
Broadly speaking, the object. of the Association
will be to furnish commercial and industrial data
and information to oriental merchants about
America, and to acquaint American manufacturers
with the commercial possibilities of the far and
near East. Underlying this practical working,
there is the idea of a universal Association to
gather and disseminate in the East and the West
information upon all subjects of human activities
and inventions, so that both hemispheres may find
a common channel through which their generous
impulses and humanitarian aims may flow and
commingle.
It is desired to have the new Constitution and
By-Laws ready for submission at the first Annual
Meeting of the Persian-American Educational So-
ciety, in April, 1911, at which time the merger
will be proposed. Meanwhile, the Committee de-
sires to receive from all the Friends and others
interested, suggestions and advices based upon ex-
perience and observation, so that the Association
may become truly a fit instrument for the propaga-
tion of the great principles of brotherhood and
an international medium for the exchange of goods
and ideas. If anyone should desire to draft a Con-
stitution embracing the foregoing suggestions, this
will be particularly appreciated'. The Committee
will wait for one month from the date of this pub-
lication, to receive suggestions, after which the
formation of a Constitution will be undertaken
here. This will then be submitted to. lawyers who
are available for consultation, and perfected be-
fore being finally presented. All correspondence
upon this subject may be addressed to Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, 1800 Belmont Road, Washington,
D. C.

