BAHAI NEVVS 3
other side of the planet in helpful service, following
ever in the way of Abdul-Baha.
That which is most needed between the East and
the West is spiritual co-operation. There is as
much in the East for the Occidental as there is in
the VVest for the Oriental. These treasures, which
are of different nature, need to be brought 
shown to the world. The Bahai is called to do this.
Since my return from the Orient, I have had
many letters of inquiry regarding the ways and
means through which the people in the West can serve
those in the East, and it is in the hope of being
able to offer some ideas in this line that I am
writing this general letter.
Our friends of the Orient are rich in the love and
unity of the Cause. We, upon the other hand, are
full of initiative force and activity. It is necessary
that both should combine forces and work together,
each strengthening the other. In reality, the East
and the VVest are very dependent one upon the
other.
Undoubtedly the traveling of Bahais in foreign
countries is one of the most efficient means of
unity. Abdul-Baha is now calling for those who can,
to go to Japan, Persia, India, and Burma and to
other countries. There are comparatively few, how-
ever, who are prepared to do this; consequently,
many wish to know how they can serve while remain-
ing at home.
Corresponding is another great means through
which the love of the Kingdom is manifesting; and
this is open to each and all of us. During the past
few years this communication between the East
and the West has greatly increased. The women
of the assemblies of the West are carrying on a
systematic correspondence with the assemblies of
the women of the East. This is already productive
of much good and is paving the way for the Western
women to go out to the East as teachers, nurses and
physicians, all of which are most needed there.
Of late the attention of the American friends has
been drawn to the Bahai educational movement now
developing in Persia. This is of the most vital. in-
terest to the progress of the Cause and the devel-
opment of the Persian people. It is a subject which
demands our most serious consideration. The Ba-
hais in Turkistan, India and Burma, as well as in

