BAHAI NEWS 9
strates the time is at hand for the practical appli-
cation of this new outlook. We quote the follow-
ing extract:
I am in receipt of a letter from Teheran, stating that
they would like to have catalogs, showing machinery
and processes for manufacturing gloves, laces, ladies'
and gentlemen's wear, thread, etc. In view
of all the East is trying to do for us, the least We can
do is to give the most careful attention to the smallest
request or inquiry that might-come from there. It has
occurred to me that you might possibly be Willing to
mention these matters in the next issue of the NEWS,
in order that they could reach the friends in all parts,
some of Whom would doubtless be able to run down the
information desired.
In the same letter is mentioned that a competent
engineer, who is familiar with the setting up of
all classes of machinery is greatly needed.
Any information covering these requests, if sent
to the BAHAI Nnws, will be forwarded to the
proper parties until this Society shall have organ-
ized such a department of service.
God speed the Oriental-Occidental Interdepend-
ence Society!
 
"Verily, I have come from God and unto Him do
I return. severed from all else save Him and hold-
ing to His Name, the Merciful, the Compassionate."
These Words of revealed for the
departed soul, are as far exalted above the con-
ventional "Dust to dust; ashes to ashes"--as light
is from darkness. In one is revealed the mystery
of "And God shall wipe away all tears from their
eyes, and there shall be no more death, neither
sorrow nor crying"; in the other is hidden the-
mystery of "Let the dead bury the dead." Won-
derful, indeed, is the new, exalted outlook of this
great Day wherein His Word creates "a new
heaven and a new earth!"
In the departure of Mrs. Elizabeth Van 
Buikema, mother of our respected Editor, we
again touched the reality of the power of the
Word of God as revealed in this Day. On the
anniversary of the Day of the Departure of
May 28th, her soul passed to that
Station, the glory of which He has 
But concerning that which you asked about the
spirit and its everlastingness after its ascension, know
that it Will ascend at the time of its departure until

