BAHAI NEVVS 5
show. He is a wise man, a philosopher and his knowledge of
the Turkish, Persian and Arabic is unsurpassed.
"He knows the history of nations and understands the causes
of their rise and fall.
"He is sixty years old and on account of certain nervous
ailments he has come to Egypt for change of air. He per-
sonally reads all the articles and letters sent him from all
parts of the world, and answers the most important of them
in his Persian handwriting which is famous for its beauty.
Many of the great men of this country and delegates from
other nations have met him and he gives a personal interview
to each one of them. No one has visited him without leaving
him impressed by his presence and praising his qualities and
wondering at his magnanimity and his astonishing mind.
"Concerning the reports of his leaving Acca and the state-
ment that he is against" the Constitution, this was without
foundation and the proof of this is his endeavor to unite the
religions in the world and establish equality among nations.
If such were his qualities, working against religions and con-
stitution, and on the other hand trying to bring union and har-
mony amongst them, how can we reconcile the two? This
is indeed far from him, for he is a man who advocated the
Constitution from the very beginning and before the Turkish
people received their Constitution. But the real object of
his coming to Egypt is for the change of air and his physical
condition. This is the real truth we are proclaimi-ng at the
top of our voice and if there is any virtue in it, it requires no
praise or blame."
This is what our correspondent writes and we thought it
advisable to quote it as we received it.
 i
NEWS FROM THE ORIENT.
INDIA.
Bomnar.--A Convention of all the Religions of India was held
during January at Allahabad, an ancient city in India, eight
hundred miles from here. There were many activities centered
there this year. including an Exhibition, a Congress and the
Convention of Religions. The main purpose of the Convention
was to spread feelings of love and unity among the different
religionists of India.
The proceedings of the Convention began under the chair-
manship of the Mahraja of Darbhanga, in the presence of an-
other Mahraja, the ruler of Kasienbazar, and a number of
learned people. Various papers on Buddhism, Modern Buddhism,
Hinduism, Christianity, Zoroastrianism, Brahmo, Somaj, Arya
Somaj, Judaism, Sikhism, were read by representatives of these
various twenty-five in with a few
prayers and music at intervals. It was a great Convention and
an interesting one.
Regarding the Bahais, Syed Mustaffa offered a prayer in
Arabic at the beginning of the afternoon session of the first
day. -and another prayer in Persian on the second day, and a
'1'hesis,* compiled by him, was read by Mr. R. Vakil. A
short history of Bahai Faith ,was given orally, together with
the reading of the whole of the second part. as there was not
time to read the whole paper. Among all the papers read
-it would not be too much to say that ours appealed most
powerfully to the hearts of the people and greatly impressed
them.
N. R. Vakil.
*Refers to a twenty-page booklet, in two parts, entitled, 
Short Thesis of Bahai Faith", compiled especially for this oc-
casion and published by the Bahai Publishing Society, Rangoon,
Burma. About one thousand copies were freely distributed at
this Convention.

