2 BAHAI NEVVS
PERSIAN-AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL
SOCIETY.
One of the most important developments in the
Bahai world during the current year was repre-
sented by a meeting held in Washington, D. C., on
January 8th, at which time the Persian-American
Educational Society made its formal announce-
ment and appeal for co-operation. Since that time,
39 active and 13 associate members have been en-
rolled, one draft for $300 has been forwarded to
Teheran and another remittance is to be made
during the current month. Considerable interest
aside from that represented by contributions, has
been aro.used, and promises of additional member-
ships have been received. The work of the Society
may now be said to be fairly under way, and a
concise statement may be timely for the guidance
and information of the friends.
During the summer of 1909, Mr. Sydney Sprague,
who had been for some time a teacher" in the
School of Tarbiat, in Teheran, Persia, visited this
country, which is his native land. At various
points he delivered lectures on the country and the
work, and a large number of people became inter-
ested. The School of Tarbiat was founded some
years ago by Persian Bahais, and was planned to
meet the need of non-sectarian education along
modern lines, as opposed to the old regime of
Moslem schools. Mr. Sprague's association with
the school was an indication of the trend of plans.
On account of the political conditions and general
demoralization of internal affairs, the founders of
this school, before that time men of means, found
themselves unable to continue its activities be-
cause of lack o_f funds, and the problem of closing
it entirely or limiting its usefulness was being dis-
cussed when Mr. Sprague obtained leave to visit
his home during the vacation season. As an out-
come of the interest manifested, and considering
the greater needs of the East, as Well as the oppor-
tunity for a Bahai demonstration from the West to
the Orient, this Society was formed. It is not the
purpose of this article to set forth in detail the
objects of the Society, which are explained at
length in its Prospectus, nor to mention its activ-
ities, but rather to show the importance of the

