10 BAHAI NEVVS
Warmth that is contagious. It gives an excellent his-
toric outline of the Bahai Movement, incorporating
many incidents in the life of the Bab for which the
author acknowledges indebtedness to M. Nicolas, sec-
retary of the Persian Legation in Paris, who has
Written a biography of the Bab. It is a book every
Bahai will enjoy reading and can hand to others to
interest them in the Cause of The book
is tastily bound in cloth; the price is postpaid.
WASHINGTON, D. C.
The Fall campaign has commenced in earnest, and with the
return of the regular attendants and a gratifying proportion of
inquirers, the meetings are assuming normal The
Unity Feast of September 27 wasrdevoted to the discussion of
plans and the development of enthusiasm in the work of the
coming season, in the Washington Assembly. Addresses were
delivered by Miss Grace E. Griswold, Mrs. Lua M. Getsinger.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, Dr. E. H. Egbert, and the writer. 
Katharine Mt-Neal, who assumes charge of the Studio at 1219
Connecticut Avenue for the season, rendered charming musical
selections. and with appropriate refreshments our Persian broth-
ers, who had charge of the feast, concluded a most enjoyable
evening.
Late advices from the East contain the important new-s that
Abdul-Balm, in fulfillment of a promise given last year, is v-sit-
ing the believers in Cairo. He spent some time in Port S-lid
en route. The Glad-tidings seem almost incomprehensible. The
first thought inspired is that America should proceed rap dly
with the completion of finances for the that
we may consistently ask for the blessing of a visit to this
country.
The Persian colony in Washington has been increased by the
presence of three young men. brought over by the new Clrarge
d'Affaires, Mirza Ali Kuli Khan. These sons of nobility are
here for the purpose of obtaining an education along American
lines, and their coming marks an epoch in history. This is
another fruit of the Bahai movement.
Mr. Albert H. Hall spent several days in the city as a dele-
gate to the American Prison Association Convention. His vis?t
ps timely as an inspiration in plans for the Mashrak-el-Azlrar
und.
Th2e Sunday morning Bible class resumes its sessions Octo-
ber .
Mr. Stanwood Cobb, of Massachusetts, is to be in Washington
this year.
Mr. Charles Mason Remey returns shortly, and expects to re-
main with us for some time.
Miss Louise Shuman and Ardeshir Irani, our friend from
India, left on September 1 for Kirksville, Mo., where they have
taken up the study of Osteopathy. These devoted and regular
attendants at our meetings will be missed.
Several of the friends have been seriously ill recently, but all
are progressing favorably. The recovery of Mrs. R. H. Barnitz
has been little short of miraculous. When, on September 18. a
number of the friends gathered at her home to join in prayers
for her welfare, few thought that she would recover from a
serious operation performed on the 19th. But at the present
writing her convalescence is most satisfactory. Mr. W. P.
Ripley is recovering from his illness, and the condition of Mrs.
Jere. TVilt shows improvement.
The deeth is reported, on September 9th, of John Klaus, the

