4 A A I 
ABDUL-BAHA IN EGYPT.
Fifth of a series of special news items pertaining to the so-
journ of Abdul-Baha in Egypt.
has been received from Cairo, dated
February 21st, that Abdul-Baha will not journey to
America this year.
The following article concerning Abdul-Baha (Abbas Efiendi)
appeared in the January 19th issue of "El Ahram" (The Pyra-
mids), an Arabic newspaper printed in Cairo:
ABBAS EFFENDI THE LEADER OF THE BAH.-AIS.
STATEMENTS nncannme HIS MOBALS AND RELIGION.
Continually, the greatness of the Leader of the Bahais,
Abbas-Effendi, is the topic of conversation, among the men of
affairs and statesmen. The wise men of Alexandria, and the
nobility of that city are paying him great respect and homage.
Laterly he has received many letters from his numerous fol-
lowers in the United States, requesting him to travel to those
parts so that they may meet him. They have prepared a
great house in New York in accord with his station and posi-
tion amongst them. However, it is probable that he will not
respond to their invitation, on account of the remoteness of
the country and the length of the trip.
We have received a letter from the celebrated scholar,
Schokry Effendi, who has just arrived from Syria, in which he
praises Abbas Efiendi, explains his religion and produces cer-
tain arguments in his favor.
He says: "The wisdom of Abbas Effendi, our respected
guest, descends from a family which was noble in lineage and
descent in the Kingdom of Persia. He is the son oi the
-'Dweller of Paradise,' the founder of the Bahai
Movement, and he is the successor of his Father. In regard
to his morality and character, he is the pattern of dignity
and perfection. He is gracious, generous, noble-minded, philan-
thropic, charitable and full of benevolence. He is very kind
to the poorand patient to the indigent. He does not make any
difference between the followers of any religion, whether they
be Christians, Jews, Mohammedans or Brahmans. To him all
are the same, he looks upon them as part of the same family
of humanity and not their particular religion. The aim of his
movement is the unity of religions in the world and their
equality among the children of men. He thinks that the dif-
ferences of religions are impeding the progress of the world
and he believes that the removal of these differences will benefit
mankind.
"This religion has spread greatly and is carried to Europe
and America so much so that today the number of Bahais has
reached the number of fifteen million, men, women and children
included. Many of these Bahais are in New York, Chicago and
India, Persia, Egypt and Syria, and it is continually growing
and spreading.
"The Tomb of is in Acca, called Bahaji and
every year the Bahais come from all parts of the world to visit
1t.
"Twice I have called upon Abbas Effendi while in Ramleh
and have seen the poor and indigent gathered around his house
waiting for him to come out and when he appears, they beg
alms and he gives to them. This is just a short sketch of his
generous qualities and I confess my inability to do it justice.
His physical appearance is medium size, white hair, penetrat-
ing eyes, smiling face and wonderful countenance, courteous,
and his manner, simplicity itself, disliking any ostentation and

