6 BAHAI NEWS
YQRK, N. Y.--A Bahai Home has been established at
No. 6 West Nineteenth Street. It was opened on the night of
Nov>> 5th. by a beautiful spiritual gathering--at which
Miss Alice Buckton, of London, presided by request. The house
has rooms for renting purposes, making it a hospice for traveling
friends, and has two large rooms which can be thrown into one,
with a. seating capacity of one hundred. Classes will be held
there during the week and a meeting every Sunday afternoon at
3 o'c10cl<. Isabella D. 
PORTLAND, Thornton Chase recently visited the
friends in Portland, giving a number of splendid talks.
Mary M. Robb.
WASHINGTON, D. election was held on Oct. 15th, at
which time a new Working Committee was chosen, to serve for
one year, as follows:
Charles Mason Remey, Chairman.
F. Phelps, Treasurer.
Joseph H. Hannen, Secretary.
Arnanld Belmont. Assistant Secretary.
Miss Leone St. Clair Barnitz, Local Secretary.
Mrs. Claudia S. Coles,
Miss Mary Little, Temple Committee.
Mrs. Aseyeh Allen.
Arthur D. Mayo, Chairman Music Committee.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Translator.
W. H. Bowman,
W. P. Ripley,
Dr. E. H. Egbert,
Mrs. M. C. Hotchkiss.
At a called meeting of this Committee, Nov. 5th, the following
additional Committees were appointed or provided for:
Miss Little and Miss Barnitz, Unity Feasts.
Mrs. Hotchkiss, Chairman, BAI-IAI Nnws.
Dr. Egbert and Mr. Bowman, Question Bow.
Two important special meetings held since our last report
were the Unity Feast of Sunday, Oct. 16th, at a Memorial
Service, commemorative of Mrs. Amalie Knobloch, on Tues-
day evening, Oct. 26th. The Unity Feast was given at the
Conservatory of Music, and our colored friends joined with us,
the hosts being Mr. and Mrs. George S. Hopper, Miss Hopper,
Miss Little and Mr. Louis G. Gregory. The attendance was
over one hundred and some of the most influential representatives
of the colored people were present. Tasteful decorations, beau-
tiful music and eloquent speeches adorned this spiritual meet-
ing. The memorial service was held in the McNeal studio,
which was decorated with a profusion of cosmos and 
themums. Tablets or prayers were read for the friends who
had left our circle during the year, among those thus remem-
bered being Mrs. L. A. Hester, Mrs. Mayo, little Louise
Hopkins, Miss Charlotte Colt and the mother and father of Mrs.
Fred J. Woodward. The spirit of this meeting was very p0W-
erful and all present felt the "peace which passeth understand-
ing."
On Sunday morning. Oct. 30th, Mr. Arnauld Belmont ad-
dressed the People's Church on the subject of the Revelation
and his talk was gratifyingly received.
Mrs. Fleming, of the Brooklyn, N. Y.., Assembly, was a re-
cent visitor.
Large gatherings subsequent to the foregoing were the Unity
Feast of Nov. 4=th and the service in commemoration of the
birthday of The Feast was given by Mrs.
"Aseyeh" Allen and Mrs. "Nateglia" Woodward. Beautiful
decorations and a delightful material feast enhanced the ap-
preciation of the spiritual program. At the Birthday Celebra-
tion, Nov. 12th, arranged by Miss Leone St. Clair Barnitz and
Mrs. Bradbury, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab presided, speeches were
delivered by Mr. Remey and Dr. Fareed, and musical selections
by Prof. Mayo. Joseph H. Hannen.

