BAHAI NEWS 11
was served in European and chairs.
Our host porposed that land for a Mashrak-el-Azker
in Teheran be secured at once. Have you ever
seen a match touch-ed to a bundle of dry straw?
Well, it took these noble men about that long to
grasp the situation, get over their first surprise,
appoint a committee of nine and set a date to see
the piece of land proposed by our host. It
makes one hold his breath to see the faith of these
grand old teachers and their fearlessness in going
forward. The constitution is really making them
able to act like free men. They are, at the same
time, careful not to aro-use public prejudice which
is strong still. Yet one more piece of news:
The girls' school is assured. They will start with
accomodations for fifty pupils, and they think as
the girls are not yet educated in Persian that they
should not ask to have an English teacher sent just
yet, but wait a few months and see how many will
then want to take up English. There area few who
have been in the American school and can talk
very well. Please tell any who want to help that
it will take only $1.50 per month to educate a girl.
There are many here too poor to pay and this is
the way to help lift Persia from her otherwise
hopeless condition. Do make a strong point of this
to all the friends and help the brave Bahais here.
Think of it--since we arrived they have started a
hospital, a gir1's school and a Mashrak-el-Azkar!
Come over and help us. 
Mr. Sprague has just been appointed superin-
tendent of the boys' school, the former having
resigned.
Susan I. Moody.
NEW YORK CITY.
On the 26th of March Madame Jackson sailed
from New York for Acca.
On the 3rd of April Mr. Woodcock delivered his
second address within a month upon the Bahai
movement to an interested audience gathered in
Montclair, N. J.
Within the past month Mrs. Getsinger and Dr.
Fareed arrived in New York from Acca, bringing
with them the merciful glad-tidings of the love of
Abdul-Baha to the beloved of God in America, and

