12 BAHAI NEWS
accomplish its mission in the world with great power and
influence.
The Bahai Assembly of Esphahan unitedly send their con-
gratulations to the Occidental Messenger, and pray in the
Threshold of God, its continuance, prosperity and spiritual
triumphreinforce and confirm the
founders of this palace of unity, so that it may be established
on a firm basis and continue to shed its light through all the
coming ages. We expect, likewise, that through the edort and
assistance of the Bahais, in the East, it may increase the
circle of its power and circulation, and in the service of human-
kind win the palm of precedence.
We will send every month the news of the Cause in Esphahan,
through the agency of the Occidental ll/Iessenger.
THE SPIRITUAL BAI-IAI or ESPHAHAN.
The opening sentence of the letter above quoted
has suggested the new title of our Persian section:
Najme Bahietaa" (Star of the \Vest), which has been
changed, With this issue, from Pa;/am Bare Baktar
(Occidental hlessenger), at the Wish of Abdul~Baha,
who -gives the following reason therefor:
"In regard to the title Payam Bare Balaton" in con-
nection with the NEWS, some have read it and thought
it means the Peygam bar the Prophet) of the
West~--Peygam bar being one of the titles of Moham-
Ined, meaning Messenger or Prophet. This may be-
come the cause of opposition among the outsiders.
If it is possible and you deem it advisable, change
the title in any Way you think best."
This issue of the Star of the ll/'est contains 
a Tablet to the Fairhope, Ala., Assembly, received
in 19-06; (2) an article on Universal Bahai Peace,
with quotations from the leading thinkers of Europe
and America against War, statistics of the cost of the
armies and navies of the nations, and quotations
from the \'Vords of in regard to Uni-
versal Peace and its establishment; (3) notice of
and reason for changing the name of this section
from Occidental Messenger to Sta/r of the Vi/'est; (4)
news of the sojourn of Abdul-Baha in Alexandria;
(5) acknowledgment of the many letters received
in regard to the appearance of this publication in
the East, and the appreciation of the Editors for
the many good Wishes and kind Words of their
Oriental brothers and sisters.
-- 
NEWS NOTES.
Mrs. Charlotte Rosenhauer, of Bangor, l\Iich., visited with
the Kenosha, Wis, Assembly for several Weeks, she being one
of the first believers of that Assembly.
During the past month at Chicago, Mrs. Kupferle and Mrs.
Carolyn D. May departed from the world. Both of these
devoted souls will be remembered by the friends for their
hospitality.

