4 BAHAI NEWS
The believers of God must give great importance to
this Society and arise to perform its fundamental prin-
ciples and essential duties with heart and soul. I send
my congratulation and felicitation to this blessed So-
ciety and ask from the bounty of His Highness the
Incomparable, confirmation and assistance, supplicate
and entreat at the Threshold of Oneness and beg from
the Kingdom of ABHA preservation and protection.
providence and safety. If this Society acts With_ in-
dependence and exerts itself in bringing about relations
between the .East and the West, it Will become the
foundation of the oneness of the world of humanity.
Firmness is essential, for if small affairs can not be
accomplished without firmness and steadfastness, how
much more are these qualities needed for the under-
taking of great matters! The friends of God must
encourage each other to be firm and steadfast, to
reason and consult with each other so that day by
day this Society will progress.
Persia and America are in great need of such a So-
ciety, even to matters pertaining to material relations
between 'these two Countries, especially America. This
Society will become the cause of spreading the Ameri-
can industries in Persia and the great profits, which
in the past other nations have collected through the
introduction of their goods and implements in Persia,
will then go to America. Now consider thou, What
great profits will be the result! Moreover the spirit-
ual powers will assist and help, the Breaths of the
Holy Spirit will be spread, the Breezes of the Paradise
of ABI-IA diffused and the rays of the Sun of Truth
will display Wonderful influence.
Convey, on behalf of Abdul-Baha, to all the friends
of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful in Amer-
ica the wonderful greeting of ABHA and congratulate
and felicitate them for the organization of this Society.
Upon thee be Baha 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Azesas.
(Revealed in Haifa, Syria, April 3, 1910. Trans-
lated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Washington, D. C.,
May 18, 1910.)
To the Officers of the Persian-American Educational
Society through Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
Upon thee be Baha 
I-IE IS eon!
ye who are favored in the Threshold of the Almighty
and the lovers of is Holiness, 
According to the reports of his honor Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, in these days the Persian-American Education-
al Society is organized in America and the friends of
God and the maid-servants of the Merciful With the
utmost zeal and enthusiasm are engaged in the solidar-
ity of this Society. If possible, change the name of
this Society ,to Persian-American Interdependence So-
ciety so that in the future it may include all points,
-such as commerce, industry and education so that
spiritual and material results and benefits might be
produced. Now in the beginning it may find no im-

