BAHAI NE-WS 3
Persian newspaper printed in Cairo writes in a
personal letter that he was summoned by Abdul-
Baha to his presence, and although a few weeks
before, he wrote and published an article against
the Cause of he accepted the invita-
tion and left Cairo for Alexandria. He met Abdul-
Baha and became a changed man. He went a
stranger and an avowed antagonist; he returned a
friend, and will write an article in favor of the
Cause. He writes: "Indeed, I was very much bene-
fitted in meeting Abdul-Baha. The Arabic news-
papers are now anxiously waiting to read my com-
ment upon the matter. You shall read my paper
No. 20 and believe you will prize it very highly.
There is no doubt that some people will slander and
accuse me of being bought, but I do not care. I
have seen the Truth, and I will write the truth, no
matter What may happen."
Many others, who have been the -enemies of the
Cause, have gone, either through curiosity or honest
investigation, to visit Servant of
God and have returned With the Glory of
Truth in their faces.
What is the key to this irresistible spiritual power
that thus opens the locked doors of the hearts of
men? Those who are familiar with his Teachings,
answer that it is. his practice of them. He says:
"Be ye Ic-ind to the human world and be ye com-
passionate to the race of man. Deal with the
stranger as you deal with the friends. Be ye gentle
toward the outsiders as you are toward the. beloved
ones. Know ye the enemy as the friend. Look upon
the satan as upon the angel and receive the unjust
with the utmost love like unto a faithful one."
Truly, as of old, great miracles are transpiring
on the banks of the river Nile, in the ancient land
of the Pharoahs!
NEWS FROM THE ORIENT.
EGYPT.
Epitomized from many long letters recently received by
Mirra Ahmad Sohrab
PORT of the progress of the Cause in
Persia, India, Turkey, Arabia a.nd the West, is re-
ceived weekly and forwarded to Abdul-Baha in Alex-
andria. Pilgrims arriving from various parts of the
world go to Alexandria. Thus, for the present, the
eyes of all the Bahais are turned toward that city,
seeking enlightenment, wisdom and divine love.

