4 BAHAI NEWS
ing was held at the home of Mrs. Eva W. Russell; falling on
Sunday afternoon there was a goodly gathering of gentlemen as
guests. The reports of the were most interesting and
spoke well for their zeal and untiring work. Letters have been
received by the Corresponding Secretary from Japan, Resht,
Yazd, Teheran, Bombay, Honolulu and Shiraz, all bearing loving
greetings to the friends throughout America.
The Bahai Sunday school was given a holiday party on De-
cember 26th, presents were distributed to the children and a
joyous spirit prevailed. A supplication to Abdul-Baha was
signed by every one present, to be forwarded through our
brother. Dr. Zia Bagdadi. Louise R. Waite.
CINCINNATI, the glorious glad-tidings reached
Cincinnati of the probable visit to America of Abdul-Baha, a
new life-giving breeze was wafted and all arose as never before
in love and unity, and from the lips came forth, "Praise be to
God!" that he looks upon America with favor. dear co-
workers in all parts of the land, what an impetus to service in
building the Mashrak-el-Azkar and in loving service to all hu-
manity! We pray God if he should come, each beloved one in
America be granted the blessed privilege to enter his presence
in an attitude so selfless that his rejoicing be unceasing. Bahai
love and greetings to all from the Cincinnati Assembly.
Annie L. Parmerton.
DENVER, CoLo.-Mrs. E. J. Bell. Aurora, Colo., holds a group
meeting on Monday evenings. Mrs. George Haeberlie also holds
a Bahai gathering every nineteen days at her residence 274.7
West Thirty-fifth Avenue. Ella, T. Nash.
Dec. 13th, the friends and rela-
tives of Mrs. Ruddiman gathered at her home to pay respect to
her departed mother. The beautiful Bahai funeral service,
conducted by Mr. Charles H. Greenleaf, who came from Chi-
cago especially to serve in that capacity, created such an
atmosphere of strength, comfort and peace, that many were
attracted, and, after the interment and return to the home,
he was called upon to deliver the Message.
Los ANGELES, friends of the Assembly gath-
ered Sunday afternoon, Dec. 18th, at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Haney to consider matters pertaining to the Cause for
the ensuing year. An Executive Committee was appointed
for the year, consisting of Messrs. Haney and Chase, Miss
Wise and Miss Hammond of Pasadena and Mrs. Beckett of
Tropico. It was decided to continue the public meet-
ings, which have been held in Blanchard Hall on the first
Sunday afternoon of each month, and also to have alternate
meetings on Sunday afternoons at the homes of believers,
especially at the Haney home on the third Sunday of each
month.
On Sunday, Dec. 11th, the friends came from far and near
to the home of Mr. and Mrs. Chase for a social Bahai gath-
ering. On Monday, the 12th, the Unity Feast was held at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Frankland in Tropico. The next Unity
Feast will be at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Haney in Los
Angeles. The friends of Pasadena and Tropico are Working in
happy unity with those of Los Angeles for the progress of the
Cause, all as one body of sincere believers.
The coming of Mr. and Mrs. Rice-Wray of Newark. N. J.,
Mrs. Nash from Denver, and others. all earnest workers, to-
gether with the elforts of Madame Bethlen, tends to the more
rapid spreading of knowledge of the Great Message. Mrs.
Nash, with her daughter Louise, has settled at Eagle Rock.
a delightful suburb of Los Angeles, Where she is gathering
in the neighbors to listen to the Glad-tidings. She holds
meetings 0n Sunday afternoons at 3 p. excepting the first
Sunday of the month when they are held by all groups in

