24 BAHAI NEWS
Upon suggestion of the Chairman, Mr. Hall, a
rising vote of thanks was given to Mr. Honore
Jaxon. This was unanimous.
At the request of the Chairman, Mr. I-Iall, the
Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha for this Convention,
which had been read by Mrs. Eva Webster
Russell during the morning session, April 25th,
was again read by her.
The Convention closed by all of the delegates
and friends joining hands and facing the East,
while Mr. Hall read the following, which was
revealed as a closing prayer for the House of
Spirituality 
HE IS eon!
God! God! Thou dost look upon us from
Thine unseen Kingdom of Oneness, [beholding] that we
have assembled in this Spiritual Meeting, believing in
Thee, confident in Thy signs, firm in Thy Covenant
and Testament, attracted unto Thee, set aglow with the
fire of Thy love, sincere in Thy Cause, servants in
Thy vineyard, spreaders of Thy Religion, worshippers
of Thy Countenance, humble to Thy beloved, submis-'
sive at Thy door and imploring Thee to confirm us
in the service of Thy chosen ones. Support us with
Thine unseen hosts, strengthen our loins in Thy servi-
tude and make us submissive and worshipping servants,
communing with Thee.
our Lord! We are weak and Thou are the
Mighty, the Powerful! We are mortals and Thou art
the great life-giving Spirit! We are needy and Thou
art the Powerful and Sustainer!
our Lord! Turn our faces unto Thy divine face;
feed us from Thy heavenly table by Thy godly grace;
help us through the hosts of Thy supreme angels and
confirm us by the holy ones of the Kingdom of ABHA.
Verily Thou art the Generous, the Merciful! Thou
art possessor of great bounty and verily Thou art the
Clement and Gracious!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI--IA 
Then, still joining hands and with bowed heads,
all joined in silent prayer and thanksgiving to
God for the Spirit of Love and Unity that had
pervaded and guided the Convention. The Great-
est Name was repeated in unison nine times and
the Convention adjourned in unity.
Photographs of scenes and incidents connected
with the Temple site may be obtained from Mrs.
True, or from Mr. Jaxon, at 1751 West Lake St.,
Chicago. Profits to go to Sidewalk Fund. Prints
4x5, two for 25c. Prints 31/2x10, 25c each.

