14 BAHAI NEWS
the Bab. Other homes were also opened to Mr.
Wilhelm and it was greatly regretted that he could
not remain with us longer. Ella T. Nash.
OHNSTOWN, N. Y.
The Bahai Assembly of Johnstown, N. Y., holds
a regular meeting at 7 Hoosac street, the home of
Mrs. Emily Gustin. The nineteen-day Feast or
Supper of the Lord is also regularly observed.
This Assembly has received special bounty in
the visits of dear believers during the past year:
Mr. Wilhelm, Mr. Remey and Mrs. Mary Hanford
Ford. The precious souls who are privileged of
God to visit the various Assemblies have some-
thing to give, and to us, each visitor brings bless-
ing, light and love.
Hudson, Clinton, Mica, Cortland, Pavilion and
Oswego, N. Y., each has a believer--Oswego having
two to uphold the standard of the Cause. These
dear ones, not having the blessing of an Assembly,
need, perhaps, our especial care. If traveling
Bahais can visit any of the above named places,
much good will be done in strengthening these
isolated ones. The names and addresses will be
gladly given to any one upon application to Mrs.
Margaret LaGrange, 42 E. Main street, Johns-
town, Secretary of the Assembly.
May blessing and love in His Name be upon
every soul. Praise God, the Day of Unity is dawn-
ing, the Day wherein the Mashrak-el-Azkar is to
be built. Ella Quant.
NEW YORK CITY.
The usual meetings in New York are being held,
except at Mr. Dodge's on Sunday afternoons and
Mrs. Gannett's on Tuesday afternoons, which have
been discontinued for the present.
The Brooklyn Assembly has given up its hall at
Lockwood Academy for its meetings on Sunday
evening, and the meetings are now held at Mr.
MacNutt's at 3 o'clock Sunday afternoon.
Sunday, May 15th, Mr. Woodcock spent in Bos-
ton by invitation and addressed that Assembly. He
reports that there is a growing interest in Boston,
and was greatly encouraged by his visit there.
The Anniversary of the Declaration of the Bab
was celebrated at Mr. Kinney's on the evening of
May 23rd. James F. Brittingham.

