BAHAI NEVVS 17
Orient-Occident Unity* committee are hold-
ing business sessions every week and practical results have
been accomplished. We have had to remove the school of
Tarbiat to larger and more commodious quarters, and have
made a few changes and improvements in our methods of
teaching. The department for girls will soon be opened. At
a feast, recently held in the school, all the students were
treated with a bag of candies--a present from one of the
American friends.
According to news received from Egypt, Mr. Sydney Sprague
will not return and we desire another American teacher. We
are sad indeed to lose our dear brother, for his services to
this school have been invaluable. It is essential for the prog-
ress of the school and the advancement of the Orient-Occident
Unity to have an American representative here.
The library of the school is well organized, the books re-
ceived from America are catalogued and anyone who so desires,
may read them at the library or take them home for a few days.
We need a series of primers and a few books of geography
containing maps and descriptions of all countries of the world.
The girls school of Saar Gabri Aga is progressing finely.
Through the kindness of an American' friend a new sewing
machine has been donated which will be used to teach the
girls in sewing. This school is also looking forward to the
coming of a woman teacher from America.
A committee has been organized in this city to take up com-
mercial matters between Persia and other countries and to
endeavor to bring about a greater economic and commercial
interchange. This organization has written to Washington,
D. C-., to learn the plans and aims of the commercial depart-
ment of the Orient-Occident Unity.
Mirza Habibollah has just arrived from Alexandria.
RUSSIA.
news of the troubles in Mashad has just reached
us and they have asked us to communicate with the Star of the
West so that it may take the necessary steps for the moral
defense of our spiritual brothers and sisters. They look upon
it as their defender and expect it will arise to "assist at this
crucial moment. There is great need of reforms in Persia. not
only in the various governmental departments, but a higher
reform is needed. which is the changing of brutal souls into
human spirits. dogmatism into tolerance, religious formality into
holiness, and enmity into love.
A drama of the history of the Bab and has
been composed by an eminent lady writer and dramatist. This
book has created great interest among Russian poets and au-
thors, and many people have been awakened by the call of this
Great Revelation. After its publication several misrepresenta-
tions were found therein which Abdul-Baha requested her to
correct. Having done so. she received permission to go to
Alexandria to visit him. On November 20th she gave a public
lecture on the Bahai Revelation before a noteworthy gathering
of authors, writers, poets, philosophers. and a number of Rus-
sian princes. Her eloquent words and forceful utterances cre-
ated among her listeners. a powerful effect. On the following
day many articles appeared in the newspapers commenting
favorably upon her speech.
We were much interested in an article recently published in
the Sta-r of the We-st, concerning a universal Bahai language,
in which an exposition of Esperanto was made. We are anx-
ious to take up its study, and wish you to send us some text
books and general information regarding it.
eyes are brightened and the hearts are glad-
dened through the appearance of the Star of the West. We
*Successor of the Persian-American Educational Society.

