BAHAINEVVS 9
the Daily News. The Ottoman empire extends its hands
to the merchants and travelers of all nations. The
door at last is w-ide open and the old regime is dead
beyond hope of resurrection."
These words were addressed with the fervor of pa-
triotism to the correspondent of the Daily News today
by Ismail Djenany Bey, prefect of Constantinople, who
has just arrived in Paris as the head of a mission of
about fifty representative Turks, including government
officials, soldiers, bankers, the heads of state mon-
opolies and merchants. A
The door, indeed, is open, for the mission is the first
of a series intended to carry Turkey's message of good-
will to all the world and within two years it is ex-
pected that a similar mission will invade America.
Djenany Bey, a little blond man who, except for the
inevitable red fez, might be mistaken for an American,
welcomed the correspondent cordially.
"Americans have already done much to aid Turkey
in its struggle for betterment," he exclaimed, "and
they may have a chance to do even more for us. We
hope to interest American merchants, engineers and
travelers in our country."
"Americans might hesitate to go there," it was sug-
gested, "because the memory of the Armenian massa-
cres that occurred a few years ago would give them
the impression that Turkey was unsafe."
"All that is past," said the Constantinople represen-
tative with emphasis. "It will never happen again.
The world must realize that Turkey is no longer the
place it once was. The young Turks are in absolute
control and a spirit of progress 'rules the empire. The
projects of American and other firms for lighting Con-
stantinople by electricity are even now being consid-
ered. More railroads are needed. Schools for both
men and women are being established and -the former
fanaticism is no longer tolerated."
God speed the Oriental-Occidental Interdepend-
ence Society!
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR.
The Financial Secretary, Mrs. Corinne True, re-
ports the following payments due this month: The
third note of June 24th. Semi-annual
interest on the extended mortgage of $12,500. In-
terest on the fourth $5,000 note, due next January.
She also sends the following letter from Mr..
Remey, which tells of the latest contribution from
the Orient' 1527 New Hamphire Ave.,
Washington, D. C., June 15, 1910.
Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago, Ill.
Dear Bahai Sister: Your kind letter to Howard andi
to me came to us on our way to the Holy City as we
were passing by Port Said.
VVhen we met Abdul-Baha we asked him if he had

