BAHAI NEVVS 5
and this correspondence due to the holy command that we
should correspond in order to spread the holy breezes. of
love and unity. This acquaintance of name is due to our
beloved friend and brother Prof. Charles Mason Remey of
Washington, D. C.
I am a Hindoo believer in the Most Blessed Cause, by
the favor of the Almighty, and you will be interested in
knowing that We have a society in Bombay where there are
many Zoroastrian and Mohammedan (Persian as well as
Indian) believers. There are two Hindoo believers also.
The president of the society is Aga Mirza Mahram, whose
name you might have heard.
We had the happy occasion of having the cheerful faces
of our two brothers, Prof. Charles Mason Remey and Mr.
Howard C. Struven, in their tour around the world, and
hope to have many more as it is most needy.
We have another society in Rangoon and Mandalay, while
we have scattered believers all over India. The cause is
not spread far and wide over India, but Abdul-Baha, has
said that Bombay will surely advance and that India will
become a beautiful garden of believers. No doubt the Cause
is progressing very rapidly all over the world and when
God thinks it fit, India will have her share. It is no
doubt a blessing to us that we have a very learned teacher
like Mirza Mahram, whose very presence is enough to
breathe spirit into our- nostrils. but it is a misfortune of
India that he does not know English and cannot bestir her
because of his want of the power of expression.
My desire is to inform you of many or any important or
praiseworthy events that take place here. A Mohammedan
believer of Punjab, who had recently believed and gone
to his native place, was opposed and troubled by his parents,
friends and relatives. At last, having found him firm, they
asked his sister to poison him. She did so. He was
poisoned. but--thanks to the Almighty was at once
removed to the h_ospital and is cured. He is the first Indian
who gave the risk of life.
Give my love and Bahai greetings to all the sisters and
brothers. I send the love and greetings on behalf of the
society, too.
I am your spiritual brother in E1-Anna,
Nanaran Ran GUATH VAKIL.
THE MASHRAK-ELAZKAR.
"Today all the- beloved of God in those parts must endeavor
that the Chicago be founded and be built
in the utmost solidity and 
Asnas. Translated by Mirza A. K. Khan, Dec. 17, 1908.
The Executive Board of Bahai Temple Unity has
just held a session in Chicago and finds from reports
of treasurer and financial secretary that more prayer,
more Work, more money, must be put into the Mash-
rak-el~Azkar work than we have been doing. Abdul-
Baha tells us it is the greatest and most important
work in the Cause in America today, and yet this
Board finds itself nearing the time for important pay-
ments with a deficit in the fund unless the friends
throughout the country arise with a tremendous zeal
and sacrifice and supply the needed money.

