8 BAHAI NEWS
ties of Thy Single-ness, so_ that we may become united
as are ripples on a waving sea; become harmonized
as are the rays which shine forth from a brilliant light;
so that our thoughts, opinions and feelings become as
one reality, from which the spirit of accord may be
diffused throughout all regions.
V_erily, Thou art The Beneficent, The Bestower!
Verily Thou art The Giver, The Mighty, The Loving,
The Merciful!
(Signed) ABBAS.
The following Tablet, sent by Abdul-Baha for
this Convention was then read by Mrs. Eva Web-
ster Russell:
HE IS eon!
Through his honor Dr. Fareed,
To the beloved of God in America.
Upon them be 
ye sons and daughters of the Kingdom!
Praise be to God! The infinite bounty of God hath
resuscitated the whole world, and the East and the
Vgegt (1i'18.V6 come united with the bond of the summons
0 0 .
Today the call of the Kingdom of God hath. reached
the hearing of the far and near of all the continents
of the world and the standard of the solidarity of
mankind is held aloft by the grasp of Divine Power.
The melody of the East has made joyous and happy
the Western world, and the song of the West has
penetrated the ears of the Eastern people.
From the inception of the world until now there has
been no uniting bond between Persia and America, and
communication and correspondence never transpired
between these two countries. Now consider what a.
joy and bliss have united these two regions in the
shortest space of time! What a real and ideal tie
hath bound these together! What spiritual communi-
cations have been revealed! And now is only the
beginning of this early morn and this is only the
result of the twilight preceding the dawn. Soon will
the star of this unity shine forth and flood all the
horizons with its light, and perfect connection and
real oneness be obtained in all the regions of the earth.
But the speedy realization of these hopes is dependent
upon this: That the beloved of God in the West shall
arise in unison with perfect strength, girding the loins
of endeavor in service and putting forth their greatest
effort in the way of unity and love. They must not
rest a moment nor take a breath of ease. Nay, rather,
night and day must they be striving, working and
serving! And with perfect severance, spirituality and
the best intent and effort must they hasten to promul-
gate the Divine Teaching, and above all they must act
according to the precepts and exhortations of His
Holiness for in this cycle of 
verbal confessions and acknowledgments, literal faith
and certainty and external relations are of no avail.
Nay, rather, the beloved of God and the maid-servants
of the Merciful must manifest such attributes and
ethical conduct as to embody and personify the teach-
ings of They must promulgate the law

