BAHAI NEWS 5
portance in the eyes of some of the people but in the
future it Will attain to World-wide celebrity_ and it
Will indicate be to this early
period the friends have directed their thoughts to this
most important subject. Should the circle of this So-
ciety be widely extended and its various branches Well
organized and systematized it will remain firm and
become established, and if its members arise with per-
fect unity and agreement, know ye of a certainty that
at the end, it will become the greatest Society of the
world, produce inexhaustible results and benefits, become
the tree of the oneness of the realm of humanity and cast
its all-encircling shade over the people of the East
and the West. But firmness and firmness, steadfast--
ness and steadfastness is necessary. This Society must
be so organized and in the course of time its various
policies so Well defined. that since the beginning of
the World until now no such association ha.s ever
been founded. This must become the first Society em~
bracing such universal aims and objects. Abdul-Baha.
with the utmost supplica-tion and contemplation to-
wards the Kingdom of ABHA, prays in your behalf and
begs confirmation and assistance.
Blessed is the Oriental-Occidental Interdependence
Society! If it is organized in a. befitting manner
it will be productive of great results; otherwise it will
be fruitless and profitless.
Long live this Society! Long live this Society!
Undoubtedly at the beginning of every month a report
of this Society should be sent to this Holy Land.
Thou Almighty! Illumine Thou this Association
and make Thou this gathering the bright candle of the
World! For their intention is for the public good and
their aim is Service to humankind.
kind and compassionate God! Such a Society mer-
its Thy Favors and such a. Body deserves ine2ihaust-
ible Bounty and Providence.
Verily, Thou art Powerful, Mighty and Omnipotent
Thou art the Peerless and Incomparable
.
(Signed) ABDUIJ-BAHA ABBAS.
(Revealed in Haifa, Syria, April 3, 1910. Trans-
lated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Washington, D. C.,
May 18, 1910.)
From the foregoing, it will be realized that the
co-operation and assistance of all the friends is
necessary, in order that the Society may be able
to do efiective Work, to realize the ideals of the
organization, to open the door of opportunity to
our merchants, to spread knowledge in the Orient,
and to facilitate the means of industrial, commer-
cial, educational and agricultural interchange. As
Abdul-Baha Writes, the final and important, results
of the activities of this Society will accrue to
America. In these Tablets he has opened a
great door of intercommunication between the

