4- BAI-IAI NEWS
friends here are looking forward to a visit from
Abdul-Baha, and find it difficult to be patient until he arrives.
Mirza Hossein Rouhy has established a school in this city
for boys and girls, giving it the name of Abbasieh.
INDIA.
friends in Bombay congratulate the friends
of the West who have issued the BAHAI and Occidental
Messenger, and we pray for its success. Already thirty have
subscribed for it, and we hope to enlist many more.
Cause is progressing wonderfully in this
region, and our Mashrak-el-Azkar is filled almost every night
with an enquiring crowd from various quarters. Seyed Mustafa
visited Shevebo, a district of Upper Burma, where he deliv-
ered the "Great Message." The mullahs fronted him with
opposition which resulted in creating a big gathering and
many were greatly attracted.
PERSIA.
problem of national education is taking
hold of the minds of the people here and they are eager to
establish graded schools based upon Western methods. Mirza
Anayetullah Sohrab (a cousin of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab), who
graduated from the American college at Teheran last spring,
has accepted a call from Abade, a city where hundreds of
Bahais reside, to found a school for their children. Nowtake up this important work, and we trust
the Persian-American Educational Society will do everything
in its power to help in this noble undertaking.
third issue of the Occidental Messenger has
been received. It was read at the general meeting and its con-
tents uplifted the souls into the heaven of joy because of
this great bond of unity and evident miracle of the Word of

During the past year a school for girls has been organized
by the believers and at present thirty-five attend. They
study Persian, Arabic, writing, embroidery, and other house-
hold arts. For some time the school of Tavakkal for boys
has been established. Now, we are anxious to have the service
of an American teacher, hoping that he may not only train
the boys, but may assist us in establishing a channel for
uninterrupted commercial co-operation between Persia and
America.
friends here, more than ever, are arising for
service in the Cause. From all parts of this province, assem-
blies are asking for teachers, and we are equipping those who
are capable, to go forth and spread the Fragrances of the
Kingdom. The respected Aga Rahmatullah has just departed
for Rizwan, Khazra and Shahroodg Mirza Abdul-Hossein, the
son of Samandar, has gone to Jazbar and Boshrouyyeh, and
Haji Mollah Yossof, a very learned man, has left Gayn for
other parts. These three men are busy night and day, teach-
ing wherever they go. We have already received excellent
reports of this work and many souls have been awakened
through their C-all and accepted the Message. 
The Occidental Messenger is read in all the meetings and
is producing great effect. As the mail brought only a lim-
ited number of copies, and as the believers all desired to
pgsisess one, we would have cabled for more had we the cable
a ress.
the hearts are made happy through the
appearance of the Occidental Messenger, and the minds are
astonished at this manifestation of the power of the Word
of God in the West. It is indeed the effect of the Utter-
ance of and a mighty proof of the spread of
His Call to Universal Brotherhood. We supplicate the Lord
of Hosts to establish the structure of this publication upon a
firm foundation.

