2 BAHAI NEWS
first available opportunity and discover for myself
the secret of his power.
"And it is most extraordinary," Mr. Pole con-
tinued, "that so little should be known of this move-
ment in England. There are said to be between two
and three million Bahais at least in Persia alone,
and many more in India, the Middle East, America,
France, Russia, and elsewhere. There is no religious
freedom in Persia; if there were it would be found
that very great numbers of men would declare them-
selves disciples. less than thirty thousand men
and women in Persia alone are reported to have
sacrificed everything for the movement. I met an old
Persian Bahai in Alexandria--his name was Sheik
joined the movement when he was a
young man, and he was publicly flogged and all his
property was taken from him. He and his whole
household were sent out into the mountains in the
heart of winter without food or money. Many times
he has been imprisoned, and it has been a miracle
how he has escaped with his life. In many towns
and villages he has been stoned and brutally treated.
Hundreds of men and women have proved themselves
ready to endure such treatment, to leave home and
country, for the sake of their great ideal."
"What is the ideal which has inspired such hero-
ism?"
"The fundamental principle of what has come to be
called the Bahai Revelation is a belief in the under-
lying unity of religions and peoples. It stands for
the harmony of all spiritual truths and all faiths, for
international peace and goodwill. It asserts the
equality of the sexes, the duty of 'everyone to serve
the community, and the duty of the community to
give opportunity for such service. It desires a social
order where the brotherhood of man shall be ex-
pressed in all the relationships of life, and where
the community shall be responsible for the sick,
the aged, the infirm, and all who cannot obtain
their own livelihood."
"What gave birth to this movement?"
"It arose in 1844, when a young Persian, Mirza Ali
Mohammed, went about Eastern Europe prophesying
that a great teacher would follow him. He called
himself the Bab (the Gate), and stood as the John
the Baptist of the new movement. He afiirmed that
the coming teacher would not only fulfil the proph-

