BAHAI NEWS 5
see him, feel the wonderful influence of his presence,
talk with him, walk with him as did the men of
old walking with Jesus of Nazareth along the shores
of Galilee. They can no longer doubt him and his
Teachings.
VVhen he first arrived in Egypt, a great cry and
clamor was raised by the representatives of the
people (the newspapers). All were expressing opin-
ions of Abdul-Baha. No one could form a just
and impartial view of him. Facts were exaggerated
and misrepresentations abounded in every paper.
One writer expressed the opinion that Abdul-Baha
hates all religions, that his followers throughout the
World are very few, and that his Teachings are de-
structive to the Well-being and prosperity ofthuman
society.
Such were the conditions when Abdul-Baha with
his might and his glory, his meekness and humility,
entered the land of Pharaoh. But lo! after a short
time the clouds of misrepresentation were dispelled
and the light of reality shone forth with great splen-
dor. So much so, that at present there is not one
dissenting voice in the land of Egypt about the great-
ness of Abdul-Baha. Mogga-ta/m, one of the most in-
fiuential Arabic newspapers, in a long article of
November 28, 1910, comes out valiantly and defends
in most eloquent terms the Teachings of Abdul-Baha.
Not being satisfied with this, the editor quotes from
the Book of Akdas wherein commands
all despotic rulers to lay aside their absolutism and
accept the constitution and establish in their king-
doms the Houses of Justice. He even upbraids in
the strongest terms the other newspaper Writers, call-
ing attention to the responsibilities and duties of
their positions--that is, to mirror forth facts and
realities and not falsehoods and accusations. He
says that every writer has been reveling in a riot-
ous feast of exaggeration and derision; that they
have gone beyond the limit of politeness and cour-
tesy, which attributes differentiate man from beast.
Now, if we compare such articles with what first
appeared concerning Abdul-Baha, we Will find them
as different as day from night.
Some people have expressed anxieties and fears
because of Abdul-Baha's possible visit to America;
they think that the newspapers will write sensa-
tional articles and ridicule the Cause. Such people
are very short-sighted. They have not realized deep-

