 A A I 3
were before the compilation of our present World his-
tory, and of them We have no records; that their
teachings were applicable to all mankind under all
conditions; while upon the other hand t.he Manifesta-
tions, such as Zoroaster, Abraham, Moses, Moham~
med and the Bab Were sent each to a certain people,
bringing teachings which were applicable to those
certain conditions and people only, While the teach--
ings of the World Manifestations were not limited in
their application to peoples. Is this teaching correct?
it is correct.
In a subsequent con/uersation, during which ques-
tions were being asked and answered, Abdul-Baha
said 
That was not a descendant from the
Prophet Zoroaster.
'lnat the Anniversary of the of the Bab
should be observed with solemnity by the friends.
That the Anniversary of the Departure of 
should be observed in like -manner, and that
in the night time a meeting of prayer should be held.
That it would be Well for the l/Ves-tern friends to
interest themselves in commercial and industrial mat-
ters with the people of Persia, for Persia and the
"Test both need connection one with the other.
That in serving together the believers should always
avoid those matters upon which they cannot agree.
The believers should serve together, the men and
women working together in harmony. In meetings of
consultation the majority should rule, but it is far
preferable that there should be such unity that tnere
be no all should be of one mind.
LETTERS. FROM RANGOON AND BOMBAY.
A glimpse of the immediate result of the tour of
Charles Mason Remey and Howard Struven, which
Abdul-Baha has said will have eternal effect and "be
seen during the ensuing centuries":
Rangoon, Burma, Aug. 1-, 1910.
M12. Charles Mason Remey. 
Dear Brother in the Great Service of E1-Baha :--Our foremost
thought is to heartily congratulate you on your happy return
home after a brilliant conquest of so many kingdoms for the
Great Kingdom of That you have been the instrument
to introduce this Divine Light in numberless dark regions is a
pleasure in reality to us. We always feel the spirit left 'among
us by your good self and dear brother M12. Struven, "who is
called by Abdul-Baha, in his Tablet, "Proclaimers of

