6 BAHAI NEWS
est you to know, however, that the Bahai Movement
is beginning to take a more serious hold on public
attention in this country, and that during the next
few weeks a number of meetings are to be held in
London, Bristol and in the North, which are likely to
produce far-reaching results. A Bahai paper is to
be read at the Universal Races Congress in London
next July. Yours faithfully,
Wellesley Tudor-Pole.
LONDON NEWS NOTES.
Saturday, Dec. 31st, at 10 Cheniston Gardens, Ken-
sington High St., W., a meeting was called for Mr.
Tudor-Pole to speak of his visit to Abdul-Baha in
Egypt and "The Glory of God as Revealed in Per-
sia." It was the largest meeting we have had in
London and the seed sown is already bearing fruit.
In the opinion of the speaker, "the year 1911 is un-
doubtedly to be one of very great importance, and
London will be the focus point for great events."
He expressed the hope that among the numerous
congresses, conferences, and Imperial gatherings to
be held here, there would be a Bahai Congress, at-
tended by delegates from all parts of the World. He
thought the time had come for an international resi-
dential and social club, open to all comers without
distinction of race, creed, or sex, and urged his
hearers to do all in their power to work together in
harmony and joy for the great ideal of universal
unity and peace. The January 7th issue of Light,
published at 110 St. Martin's Lane, W. C., contains
a report of this address of Mr. Tudor-Pole.
John M. Watkins, 21 Cecil Court, Charing Cross
Road, W. C., has recently issued an abbreviated pub-
lication of Fariddudin At-tar's version of "The Seven
Valleys," which is the Work that led to 
giving His Explanation thereof. Price Threepence.
An address on the Bahai Movement given at the
City Temple, London, Sunday, Oct. 10, 1910, by Tam-
adun ul Molk, has been printed in pamphlet form by
the Bahai Press, 47 Vicarage Road, East Sheen,
S. W. Arthur Outhbert.
Mr. William J. Patchin, aged 28 years, a native of London,
England, died. at Teheran, Persia, Dec. 31, 1910. He lived
the Bahai life and was constantly serving in the Cause. He
had resigned his position with the Indo-European Telegraph Co.
that he might go to Egypt to see Abdul-Baha, when he was
suddenly summoned to the Supreme. Susan I. Moody.

