4 BAHAI NEWS
CC
Animals are of two kinds, one the grazing and
domestic; the other the wild and ferocious. If
the wild beasts are near each other for ten years,
still, as soon as they find an opportunity they
attack and tear one another to pieces; whereas
the tame creatures show their kind feelings
toward each other. The beloved of God are
like the blessed birds; they are kind and merciful."
Abdul-Baha said a contribution had been sent
from Persia for the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Chicago
and we should take, the sum with us to the United
States. Mr, Struven said that since contributions
had come from the East to the West, we had felt
ashamed of ourselves. Abdul-Baha replied: "You
should never be ashamed; nay, rather, you must
be very happy in realizing the power of the Word
of God, which has enabled the beloved to send
contributions from small villages of Persia."
"Some time ago, a few souls in America ex-
pressed their wish for a journey to Persia, but I
told them to defer this undertaking for a while.
Now the time has come; they can go in these
days, as there is no danger now."
"As you both have been together during this
long tour, I hope that you shall be together also
on your journey to Persia in the future."
Concerning the many Assemblies in America,
Abdul-Baha said: "These centers must have a
complete connection and a firm union with each
other, just as all the various Assemblies in Persia.
Rest assured, all this shall come to pass."
"Now is the commencement of the daybreak
and the radiant morn is approaching. Consider
the trees yonder; as soon as they peep out of
the earth they receive the bounty of the sun, the
shower of mercy and the gift of breeze. Although
the same bounties are being bestowed upon them
when they bring forth leaves, blossoms and fruit,
still, there is a great difference between this state
and that of the former one."
Abdul-Baha asked Mr. Remey if he remembered
the few Persian words he had learned, and then
he said: "The beloved of God are endowed with
a particular language through which they express

