4 BAHAI NEWS
Truth," and we look with expectant eyes the recurrence of such
events as often as possible, for they are calculated to leave,
invariably, happy indelible impressions on the memory.
Another important event of which I would like to inform you,
as the result of the Wonderful work your happy spirit has been
doing in this region ever since we were blessed with your de-
lightful presence here, is the opening of a school in Kunjangoon
village in the suburb of Rangoon for the education of the
Bahai children of that quarter, by our good Brother Janab
Syed Mustafa Sahib. He took great pains in getting a house
erected in his presence and supplying books and various other
materials as much as is consistent with our extremely poor fund.
At present there are 71 boys and 41 girls. The
number, however, is swelling very rapidly. We like to connect
it, if possible, with the Persian-American Bahai Educational
Society. founded in Persia by Mr. Sydney Sprague, and we
earnestly hope that this Society will arise from its present
limited sphere to the station of Universal Alma Mater for the
Bahai World; and the Bahai educational seminaries in all
regions may come under the direct supervision and parental con-
trol of this Society. Kindly pray that this cherished hope of
ours may be accomplished. We would welcome with great
pleasure any suggestion that you would be pleased to offer re-
garding the methods to be employed or the procedures to be
adopted for the training of these Bahai children in this school.
For the time being we have employ.ed a Mulla, who has just
accepted the Faith under somewhat mysterious circumstances.
to teach Burmese and Arabic.
The history of this Mulla is very interesting. He was one
of, the staunchest Mullas prior to when the Message came to
be delivered in the village of Kunjangoon, in which place, as
you have seen, the Bahai movement is p1'0g'1'8SSiI1g wonderfully.
This Mulla, immediately after the advent of the Bahai spirit
in the village, became dumb, and remained so for the last three
years. But during the last Week when our Brother Hazrat
Syed Mustafa had been staying there and looking after the con-
struction of the school building. this man in one night while
he was by himself in his booth in the paddy field, saw a sudden
glow of Light before himself and at once. most wonderfully,
regained his lost power of first utterance being,
"The Manifestation is a true one for it has enabled me, to
speak!" and for two or three days continuously was like one
possessed, delivering talks in the praise of God. He embraced
the Faith himself on the spot and induced his father-, 70, years
old, and his grandfather. aged about-90 years, to do the same.
Such is the history of this Mulla who is now a Bahai
alxlid whom our friend Syed Mustafa chose to teach the children
ere.
The servants of God in this part of the world feel great de-
light in extending their Bahai love and greetings to the friends
of God living in the New World.
The- Cause has received a very good encouragement by your
presence in India, which we hope will be frequently repeated
by other American teachers as well.
Our dear brother Syed Mustafa is just preparing to leave
Burma for India, with the view of watering the seeds already
sown by you and Mr. Struven, and nursing them to bring forth
healthy fruits to the best of his ability.
With Bahai love and greetings, we remain devotedly yours,
Tun BAHAI or Raneoon,
Per A. S. Ismaeel
Bombay, August I9, 1910.
Miss Gertrude Buikema, Chicago, Ill.
My Dear Spiritual Sister need not be amazed to
read this letter. This unity is due to the All-Powerful,

