2 BAHAI NEWS
cause of glory to every fallen one and be charitable
to all the poor ones.
Beware! Beware! lest ye olfend any heart!
Beware! Beware! lest ye hurt any soul!
Beware! Beware! lest ye deal unkindly toward any
person!
Beware! Beware! lest ye be the cause of hopeless-
ness to any creature!
Should any soul become the cause of grief to any
heart or despondency to any soul, it is better for him
to hide himself in the lowest strata of the earth than
to walk upon the earth. Should any soul desire the
abasement of his kind, undoubtedly his non-entity
is better for him, for his non-existence is better than
his existence and his death better than his life.
Therefore, my advice to you is, endeavor as much
as ye can to show kindness toward all men, deal with
perfect love, affection and devotion with all the in-
dividuals of humanity. Remove from amongst your-
selves racial, patriotic, religious, sectional, political,
commercial, industrial and agricultural prejudices,
so that you may become freed from all human restric-
tions and become the founders of the structures of the
oneness of the world of humanity. All the countries
are one country; all the nations are the children of
one Father. The struggle for existence among the
ferocious wolves has become the cause of all these
differences and strifes; otherwise the expanse of the
world is spacious and the table of the Bounties of
the Almighty is spread in all the regions.
Upon ye be Baha-el-ABHA!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA. ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Nov. 11, 1910.
TO DR. FAREED.
Upon him be Baha-el-ABBA!
HE Is con!
thou, servant of the Blessed Perfection!
Your epistle dated October 30th reached me at
Ramleh. Regarding my coming to Amer-
ica and the assignment and preparation of homes or
of places for me, I Wrote a letter not long since
through you to the maid-servant of God Lua (Get-
singer) wherein I mentioned that abiding places in
the hearts are needed; that is, the beloved in America
must become united and assembled in love so that it

