BAHAINEVVS 
held; extraordinary conventions and religious con-
gresses are arranged. But all these assemblages
and different gatherings are not to be compared
with and equal to this, our meeting. Although
from those gatherings and conferences certain
results and effects are produced which render
great service to the human world and make man-
kind progress and develop on the plane of
civilization, promulgate the attributes and virtues
of the world of humanity; yet the results are
limited, the fruits thereof are finite and the
signs are bounded; whereas the traces, the lights
and the results of this gathering are unlimited,
boundless and infinite, for it is held on the Su-
preme Spot (the Tomb of the Bab) and under
the shadow of the Blessed Beauty.
"This feast is one eternal! It has connection
with and relation to the soul and body; it shall
be continued everlastingly. At least an hundred
thousand feasts shall follow this one. All the
other gatherings shall be forgotten, whereas the
commemoration and celebration of this meeting
shall remain and be duly observed forever
throughout endless ages; it is under the merciful
glances of the Blessed Beauty.
"Once His Holiness Christ gathered the disci-
ples together, and having ofiered to them the
Lord's Supper, He advised them, admonished
them and uttered certain teachings to them, and
then He said this was 'The Lord's Supper.' Now,
as this meeting is held under the shadow of the
Blessed Beauty, it should be called 'The Lord's
Sustenance,' and as the consequences of 'The
Lord's Supper' continued until the present time,
so we hope that the results and effects of this
'Lord's Sustenance' may also become permanent
and perpetual. In fact, there is no meeting better
than this, for it is held in the vicinity of the
Supreme Spot and the faces are so brilliant and
radiant! WVhat is there superior to this'?"
Talk N0. Maju 18, 1910.
These words of Abdul-Baha were addressed to
Mr. Charles Mason Remey and Mr. Howard C.
Struven on the day of their departure from his
presence:

