2 BAI-IAI NEWS
the arena of appearance, and all of them have van-
ished and disappeared. But a servant of the serv-
ants of the True One, who finds eternal life
through the Breaths of the Holy Spirit, establishes
everlasting dominion in the Kingdom of God; even
in this temporal World his signs are spread and
are known, his name becomes famous and his
light diffused in every region.
Upon ye be the Glory of God!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Washington,
June 17, 1910.)
As stated in our last edition, the letters Writ-
ten by Mr. Remey to the Washington (D. C.) As-
sembly and the House of Spirituality (Chicago)
have been obtained for publication, two of which
we present herewith:
PASADENA, CALIF.
Sept. 30, 1909.
To the Bahai Assembly of Washington, D. C.
Beloved farther West that Bro. Stru-
ven and I travel the more impressed We are by the
degree of firmness of the friends in the Centre of the
beloved Abdul-Baha. 
In June, a year ago, while I was with Abdul-Baha he
spoke of the necessity of the believers coming together
--onZy the believers--to read the Holy Verses and to
speak of and discuss the Holy Teachings. I am sure
that this is more necessary for us than that we should
come together to hear one of our number give The
Message to truthseekers who have assembled to seek
knowledge of the Cause. There are two types of meet-
ing. One for receiving spiritual guidance and one for
giving the same. One When the beloved meet together
for strength and enlightenment and one when they call
the seekers together to share the heavenly bless-
ings. Undoubtedly, Abdul-Baha saw the necessity of
the believers coming together in the close communion of
a meeting essentially for those of the Faith, when he
"spoke to me as he did. I remember some years ago in
Washington We tried holding these meetings (Which
were not for the public) for the study of the inner
Sniritual Teachings and for the reading of the Holy
other Words to found the Teachings in our
own heart. At that time, however, We were not very
successful because the friends persisted in bringing
those of their acquaintances into the meeting who knew
nothing of the Holy Cause and each time a meeting for
reading and study was announced many visitors came
and the time was consumed by giving the historical
sketches of the Bahai Movement and the friends Went
Without having accomplished the object for which they

