2 BAHAI NEYVS
They do not search after the Garden of Holiness
but they Wish for the sterile desert of passions and
selfishness. They passed by the Blessed Tree and
gathered around the stunted bitter plant. They did
not yearn for the Star of Guidance, but they de-
sired the Wil' o' the Wisp of allurernents. This is the
result of their exertion in this life. Leave them to
themselves, pay no heed to their faults, for verily
they have left the Path of Guidance and forgotten
the Road to Righteousness. Verily, they are af-
flicted with inharmony and discord and their loss
will be very great.
Thenefore, ye friends of God! enter ye in the
Rose-garden of Oneness, take ye a share from the
essence of singleness and spread the Breaths of the
Morn of Holiness. The Glad~tidings of the Bounty
of the Blessed Perfection is descending from the
Invisible Kingdom, the Sea of Providence is moving
and the Waves of the Mercy of the Almighty are un-
limited. Endeavor ye as far as ye can, so that ye
may immerse yourselves in this vast Ocean and soar
hea-venward toward this Exalted Apex.
The greatest -of all affairs is unity and liarinony,
the love and affection of heart and soul. The be-
lievers of God are the waves of one Sea, the drops
of one River", the signs of one Kingdom, the stand-
ards of one Regiment, the lights of one Orb, the
Armies of one General, the stars of one Heaven and
are addressed by one Covenant. Consequently they
must associate with each other like the brilliant
Stars of Pleiades in one firniament and become the
letters and Words of one Book.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab especially for 
I). C.. July 21. 1910.
AROUND THE VVITH MESSRS. REMEY
AND STRUVEN.
S/Earth of a series of Articles under this eading.
A MR. REMEY.
Dear these days the unity of the
Bahais of the Orient and Occident is manifesting
itself in more tangible ways than ever before; for
now the believers in this country are seeking to ex-
press their love for their brothers -and sisters on the

