BAI-IAI NEWS 15
WASHINGTON, D. C.
Regular weekly meeting of Assembly, Friday evening,
at 1219 Connecticut Ave. Joseph H. Hannen, Sec'y.
Address of Assembly, P. O. Box 192.
The Washington Assembly was honored by a
visit from M. Hippolyte Dreyfus, of Paris, who
addressed meetings on June 15th and June 17th.
On June 16th, a reception was given, at the
Gareissen Studio, to Messrs. Dreyfus, Remey and
Farajullah Khan. The first of this series of meet-
ings was the regular Wednesday evening gathering
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Dyer, at
which the colored believers joined with us, and a.
large number were present. Mr. Remey spoke
briefly, and the address of the evening was deliv-
ered by M. Dreyfus. At the reception the three
brothers were welcomed in brief speeches, and
responded in a most interesting manner, outlining
the progress of the Cause in three continents-
It is seldom indeed that such a body of co-workers
is assembled, and a large and representative body
of believers and friends were on hand to give-
greeting. It was announced that M. Dreyfus would
be the speaker of the evening on Friday, June 17,
this being the regular weekly gathering, and la
goodly attendance followed. We found the expo-
sitions of this brother most helpful, and his pres-
ence was inspiring.
The Unity Feast of June 24th was given at the
hall, with Mrs. Wellesca Pollock Allen as hostess.
A communication from Mrs. Garrison, formerly of
the Washington Asembly and now on the Pacific
Coast, was read. Talks were given by Farajullah
Khan, Dr. Fareed, Mr. Remey and Mrs. Getsinger.
Nategh Hannen, who has been for the past fifteen
months in Stuttgart, Germany, and is home on
vacation, read a Tablet addressed to the Stuttgart
Assembly and delivered the greetings of the friends
in that country to Washington.
Miss Alma S. Knobloch, whose address is A1ex--
anderstr. 69, 1, Stuttgart, Germany, will welcome
letters and especially copies of Tablets and other"
literature from the friends everywhere. Her entire
time is devoted to the work of the Cause, and only
those who are away from home and country know
to what extent news and co-operation is helpful.

