BAHAI NEWS 1T
the Cause is so rapidly and wonderfully progress~
ing that nothing is needed to elucidate the truth
of it. They see the truth as the light of day.
Dear brothers and sisters, we must appreciate
the value of our time very much and take it up
with His is, in serving the people
who are neglecting, for if today passes away it
does not come back again. The duties of to-
morrow will be according to the needs thereof,
and its service will be a branch of the tree of the
service of today; therefore, if we do not plant the
tree today, we will not have the branch tomorrow.
Moreover, in every day or century God does not
manifest in the world; if He did, we would not
be honored with the unlimited bounty of the day
of the Manifestation. So we must try to separate
ourselves from all else save God and help each
other in serving the people, so that they may get
out of the deadly dark wilderness and see the
Light of El-Baha, through which they can reach
the Source of Love, which is the only purpose of
creation.
The door of correspondence is the best means
of all for helping each other and remembering
one another, so we hope you will kindly have it
always open and let us know how you are in
health and in serving the Cause.
Bahai greetings and love from all to all. We
remain,
Your most loving brothers,
The members of of Teheran.
Address in response: Mfonsieur Mirza Rahime Khan,
Chef de Bureau des Colis-posteaux, Teheran.
AROUND THE WORLD WITH MESSRS.
REMEY AND STRUVEN.
(Continued from page 11.)
matters would be continued for the day. During the
two days and three nights of our visit. seventy-five
new people wished to register their names, to have
the list sent on to Abdul~Baha as believers. At the
first season of teaching in this place over 360 regis-
tered in like manner.
Now, inspiring as -is this assembly of Kungyangoon,
nevertheless there is a great responsibility there, the
responsibility of educating over one hundred children
who are now totally Without schooling. We are much

