BAHAI NEWVS 5
For many years \Testern religious enterprises
have furnished the funds for the maintenance of
schools in the East, and a good work has thus been
done, yet the mass of the people has remained in
ignorance. Now, with our work, this is different.
Through the light of the Revelation of 
the people of the countries themselves are being
aroused, and now are desirous of. improving their
own condition. This, you see, is a new and a different
problem from any of those of the past. It is given
to us to be allowed to go to these distant friends
and, in the spirit of brotherhood, share with them
What We have, and in turn receive abundantly from
them.
There is no way in which We can better eo-operate
with our Oriental friends than by sending tl1e1n
Bahai teachers for the instruction of their children.
These teachers, men and Women, should be qualified
physicially, mentally and spiritually. Their travel-
ing and living expenses should be borne by us. 'We
should come together in this work, preparing for all
of the means, and then placing the matter before
Abdul-Baha, that he may guide and approve the
Eastern mission of the "Yes-tern Workers.
Education is but one phase of the vvork before
us. Medical institutions and commercial and in-
dustrial enterprises, carried out upon interdependent
lines, are to be formed, through which both the East
and the Wlestwvill be blessed. These enterprises will
be a great means for the spreading of the fragrances
of the Kingdom.
During our recent visit to Abdul-Baha, Mr. Stru-
v.en and I spoke with him regarding these _1natte1's,
and from the m-any and Varied lessons which he gave
us, demonstrating the power of combined spiritual
and material consultation and co~operation, We are
assured of his sympathy with all such movements
upon the part of the friends.
W'herever Mr. Struven and I traveled We found the
people, both in and out of the Cause, looking toward
America, ready and anxious to receive and to learn
from us. Through judicious service upon our part,
our own people in the Eastern lands Will be greatly
assisted, and through them the great masses of hu-
manity about them will be lifted.
The time is at hand for us to come together and.
through consultation, ascertain Ways and means by

