BAHAI NEWS 15
intended the material feast, which was the occa-
sion of social intercourse and individual teaching.
The work in Sumerduck, Va., referred to in the
edition of July 13 has been followed up, the writer
I
having addressed another capacity audience at the
.schoolhouse on July 24th. It is now planned to
make the trip on the fourth Sunday of every
month, and as there is regular preaching service
also once a month, this may now be termed an or-
ganized assembly. Furthermore, other points near-
by are asking for meetings, and it is hoped that
the Glad-tidings can be spread quite thoroughly as
time passes.
It is with sincere regret that we must chronicle
the departure from this sphere of action of our be-
loved sister, Miss Charlotte J. Colt, who entered
the Better Land on the morning of August 3. Her
dear, gray hair, surmounting a face of unalterable
sweetness, will be greatly missed, as it seemed
that she was like some angelic presence, command-
ing respect and lending an air of devotion and
spirituality wherever she went. None was more
faithful in attendance upon the meetings, despite
her age--~she was 73 when she left us. The as-
surance of unfathomed joys in the spirit world is
a sweet comfort to our sorrow, and again the great
test of religion is successfully it is
good enough to live by and suflicient unto death.
Joseph H. Hannen.
It is reported that a little daughter has come to
bless the home of Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Maxwell of
Montreal, Canada.
CONVERSATIONAL PERSIAN TAUGHT BY
CORRESPONDENCE.
The Bahai Correspondence School teaches Persian
by simple lessons and phonographic records. Each
pupil receives all necessary individual help and atten-
tion through a system of written lessons and criti-
cisms. No Persian written characters are used; -the
English letters only are employed and pronunciations
expressed in English characters. Many are taking
advantage of this system, both in Europe and in
America.
For particulars address MIRZA S. M. RAFFIE,
S. B., 729 Livingston Hall. Columbia University, New
York City, U. S. A.

