BAHAINEYVS 9
NEWS NOTES.
The Philadelphia, Pa., Assembly has been
greatly favored by the visits of Mr. and Mrs. Brit-
tingham" of New York City, Mrs. Russell of Chi-
cago, Mrs. Dixon of Washington, Mr. Hope of
Baltimore, Mr. and Mrs. Dahl of West Hoboken,
and Hilbert Dahl of Pittsburg. On the evening of
Aug. 17th, a meeting was held in a hall. Mrs.
Brittingham gave The Message in a beautiful, clear,
loving way and every one was attentive and seem-
ingly eager to learn. About fifty" people were pres-
ent. A Bahai baptism was held at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. Summers, No. 3228 Fairhill St., on
the afternoon of Aug. 20. Walter, Irvin and Harry
Summers, Harry Weyand, and Elwood, the infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. William C. Revell, were bap-
tized in the name of the Kingdom of E1-ABHA, by
Mrs. Brittingham. In the evening the Unity
Feast was observed at the home of Mrs. Mary
J. Revell, 1429 l>>/layfield St. Twenty-one believers
were present at this beautiful meeting. J. E. R.
Excerpt from a long prayer revealed by Abdul-
Baha at the marriage feast of Mirza Eskander
Khan (Mr. Sydney Sprague) and Farahangise
Khanum, daughter of the well-known Bahai
teacher, Mirza Assad Ullah, who were recently
married by Abdul-Baha, himself, in the presence
of representatives of all nations and religions at
Haifa, Syria:
Lord! Verily, Thy servant, Eskander Sprague, jour-
neyed to the most remote countries while aglow with
Thy Love; he was attracted by Thy Call while in those
far-away regions, hastened to the Radiant Spot (the
Holy Land) and willed to unite with Thy pure maid-
servant who believeth in Thy Verses, who is aflame
with the Fire of Thy Love and who is related* to The
Branch of the Tree of Thy Grace. Lord! Make this
marriage blessed by Thy Favor_; happy by the benedic-
tion of Thy Generosity; an tie; a partner-
ship holy unto Sprague; a blending fellowship, a. re-
joicing, a unity and an affinity lasting throughout the
Eternity of Eternities-_. in every world of Thy Holy
Worlds--upon the plane of the Spirits and the Lights.
Verily, Thou art the Helper! Verily, Thou are the
Generous! Verily, Thou art the Merciful, the Clement!
(Signed) A.BDUL--BAI--IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, Aug. 19, 1910.)
*Farahangi'se Khanumi is a niece of "The Branch,"
Abdul-Baha.

