BAHAI NEWS 5
religions have appeared in the East; their differences
arise only from the necessities of epoch, time, or cen-
tury. people of Baha, therefore fasten securely
the girdle of endeavour so that the discussions and
strifes between the various sects of the world may
be destroyed. For the love of God, I call upon you,
His servants, to bestir yourselves, in this momen-
tous matter!"
"Associate with all religions in reverence and with
tolerance."
peoples of the world! Ye are all leaves of the
same branch and plants in the same garden; live in
love, concord, friendship and union. I declare by
the Sun of Truth that it is the light of fellowship
which makes the heavens full of brightness."
"If you possess a saying, a treasure, of which
other peoples are deprived, tell it to them with affec-
tion. . . . The message of the prophets, the rev-
elations of the sacred scriptures have no other aim
but the knowledge of God, and the unity of man-
kind."
peoples, do not spill blood and do not seize the
goods of others. By my life, the sword of good char-
acter and kindness is sharper than" a sword of iron.
Those men are truly wise who are decorated with the
ornaments of science and character; these are the
head of the body>> of mankind. The ruling. of man
has always been in their hands. I ask God to assist
them to do what He wishes, what pleases Him. Truly
He is the Master of creation, the Lord of the begin-
ning and of the end!"
EXTRAGTS FROM LETTER FROM MR. WELLESLEY
TUDOR-POLE.
To the BAI-IAI Nnws:
You may be interested in hearing of my recent
visit to Abdul-Baha at Ramleh, near Alexandria. I
spent nine days at Alexandria and Cairo during
the second half of November, 1910. Abdul-Baha's
health had very greatly improved since his arrival
from Port Said. He was looking strong and vigorous
in every way. He spoke much of the work in Amer-
ica, to which he undoubtedly is giving considerable
thought. He also spoke a good deal about the work
that is going forward in different European centres"
as well as in London, and he expects great things
from England during the coming year. It may inter-

