16 BAHAI NEWS
month to receive the BAHAI and bring it to us. During
the past few months, two of the believers visited Abdul-Baha.
was with great astonishment and happiness
that we received copies of the Star of the West. We have
wept tears of happiness for this great bounty and offer a
hundred thousand thanks to God that the sun of prosperity
from the East has appeared from the West, and that it has
become the dawning-place of the diffusion of the commands of
God. We hope that through the endeavor of the American
brothers and sisters, the spirit of love and unity may be
breathed into the body of the world, and the hosts of ignor-
ance, blindness, pride and selfishness be discomforted. The
signs of this hitherto unheard of victory are manifest, in that
His verses are spread throughout the world to such an extent,
that this means of communication became opened between the
American cities and one of the smallest villages of Khorassan.
hundred copies of the booklets concerning
the second convention for the Mashrak-el-Azkar in America, were
recently received and widely distributed throughout the sur-
rounding villages. The Star of the West has been regularly
received and some of the friends have subscribed for it;
There is great internal confusion and trouble. The Jewish
quarters have already been pillaged and many killed--their
loss reaching one million and a half dollars. After the per-
secution of the Jews the enemies started to molest the Bahais.
We have various committees but these troubles have affectd
the workings of these committees. Three nights ago a thief
gnhered the house of Gholam Hossein Mirza and stole eighty
0 ars.
Lately, we have heard from Neiriz. a quarter of whose in-
habitants are Bahais, that an enemy has sent a man to gather
revenues, without any reason. This man has hounded and
taxed the Bahais there to such a degree that the majority of
them have been forced to leave the city and roam in the
desert. Worse than that, the desert held no peace and se-
curity for them, for as soon as they emerged into the open
they were pillaged by bandits. This man killed and destroyed
many Bahais last year; but this year when they fled into the
mountains they were followed by the enemies, apprehended and
brought back to the city. Being ordered to cut them to pieces,
they found green grass in their stomachs. Thus, for days,
having eaten nothing but grass, they became 'easy prey for
these ruthless fiends. T-hese are the conditions which many of
the Bahais are enduring in various cities in this district.
Were we to write about the troubles. and the vicissitudes of
the friends in the villages and towns every heart would weep
tears of sorrow and sadness. The pen and tongue are power-
less to express the awful suffering your spiritual brothers and
sisters must pass through. It is impossible for you who live
in a country of freedom and comfort, to conceive. even faintly,
how the believers bravely bear these hardships and trials. To
an outsider these conditions are worse than Dante's "Inferno,"
but to the spiritual soul, endowed with spiritual insight, it is
the bliss of Paradise.
have just heard that Abdul-Baha has approved
the publication of the Star of the We-st. Many believers were
anxiously expecting to hear this news and they are delighted
that such an organ has been started in the West.
The booklet concerning the second Mashrak-el-Azkar con-
vention was received and circulated throughout all parts of
Azarbayajan. Its glowing contents and eloquent expressions
have stimulated us to greater activity and service. We pray
that the foundation of the Mashrak-el-Azkar of Chicago will
soon be laid, thereby making the heart of Abdul-Baha glad.
There are two commercial possibilities here. One is the
desire for all kinds of photographic appliances, kodaks, films,
etc.; the other is the need for looms and machinery for weav-
ing cotton and silk. We hope that through the medium of the
Sta/r of the West the commercial relations of the East and
West will be brought nearer together.

