BAHAI NEWS 9
under a tree in my yard while watching his sheep eat, and to
whom I would then talk, regretted so greatly the life he had
lived that he told me he was going away from this life after liv-
ing here thirty years. Before leaving, he came to bid us good-
bye and we gave him a good meal. I think the seed had started
0 grow.
Many of the cowboys shoot game and bring it to us. Of
course we have to feed many of them at times, but that is the
only way we can reach them. At first some of them did not
want to hear anything of God--said there was no 
after some of the great hidden mysteries were explained to
them, they became interested, and you would be surprised to
see ushsitting on a log outside, or in the tent, until 10 o'c10ck
a nig t.
My dear mother is the only doctor around here for forty-five
miles. The land is now all taken up and settlers are coming in
Translation of inscription on above illustration: "Mr. Wil-
cott. Bahai, who is spreading the Cause of ABHA among the
cowboys of the Western plains of America with great enkindle-
ment and attraction, and Whose letter of experience is printed
herewith in English."
rapidly. The cowboys told them that mother was a diploma doc-
tor, so they have started to come after her, traveling from
fifteen to twenty miles. She is not a bit slow in giving the
Message. A few Weeks ago when it was warm, a cowboy
came and was resting by the tent. He asked mother is she had
anything to read. She gave him one of our Bahai books. He
cursed and said: "That is religion. Haven't you any papers?"
So she gave him a newspaper from Santa Anna, which was sent
to us by a missionary there, to whom I am trying to give the
Message, but who has not been able to grasp it yet. Well,
this paper told about God, and the cowboy, after looking at it
for a while, said: "Why. this is as bad as the
other book." Mother said: "This is all We have here. We
live for God." When I came in with a bunch of prairie chick-
ens he said to me: "Hello. preacher! This is a great place
to read." I replied that I had just what he wanted,
and going to my trunk. brought a book called "Indian Wars
and Brave Deeds." VVe1l, you should have seen that man!
He was very much pleased and called for a few days until he
had finished reading it. He then said: "If there is a God,

