6 BAHAI NEWS
is hoped that no forgetfulness shall follow that
meeting, that the revolving of the Wheel of time
shall not take away its reniembrance from the heart
and that the plants of love shall grow out of that
which is sown and become green, verdant and im-
perishable.
Xou have asked regarding the heavenly Books:
The pulse of the universe is in the hand of the
skillful Physician. He diagnoses the illness and
wisely prescribes the remedy. Every day has its
own secret and every tongue a melody. The illness
of today has one cure and that of tomorrow an-
other. Look ye upon this day; consider and dis-
cuss its needs. One sees that existence is afflicted
with innumerable diseases compelling it to lie upon
the bed of suffering. Men who are intoxicated with
the Wine of self-contemplation prevent the wise
Physician from reaching it. Thus have they made
themselves and the World to suifer. They know
not the ailment nor recognize the cure. They take
the Wrong for the right, the crooked for the straight,
the enemy for the friend.
Hearken ye to the melody of this Prisoner!
Stand up and proclaim! Perchance those who are
asleep may awaken! Say, ye dead ones! The
generous Hand of the Almighty is passing around
the Water of Eternal Life. Hasten ye and drink!
Whosoever becomes alive in this day shall never
die, and whosoever dies in this day can never find
Life.
Ye have Written regarding the language: Both
Persian and Arabic are good, for that which one
desires to gain from language is to attain to the
meanings of the speaker and this can be accom-
plished in both. As in this day the Sun of Wis-
dom has appeared and shone forth from the horizon
of Persia, the more you respect this language the
better it is.
Friend! When the Primal Word appeared in
these latter days, a number of the heavenly souls
heard the Melody of the Beloved and hastened
toward it, While others, finding that the deeds of
some did not correspond With their Words, were
prevented from the Splendors of the Sun of Knowl-
ed e.
gay, 0 ye sons of earth! The Pure God proclaims
that which in this glorious (lav shall nurifv vnu

