 9
of the Kingdom With deeds and not Words. Thus may
they become the quintessencegof being, the signs of
the Kingdom of God, standards of the Supreme Con-
course. May ye be salutary Water for the thirsty, an
evidence of guidance for the seeker, protection and
support for the helpless, a shelter and home for the
Wanderers, the treasury of the Kingdom for the poor;
the source of hope and happiness for the disappointed;
the remedy of the heart and soul for the ailing.
May you manifest the utmost of kindness to the human
race; to weep With him who mourneth and to laugh
with him who rejoiccth; sympathizing with the help-
less; in communion with the wanderer; a. friend to
the friend and foe. 
ye beloved of Abdul--Baha! The beloved of God
and the maid-servants of the Merciful intend to found
a Mashrak--el-Azkar in Chicago. They have sent to us
numerous plans, that one may be accepted and the
edifice be built accordingly. Now the funds must be
accumulated, the land entirely paid_for and the neces-
sary preparations for building made and then the acces-
sory matters considered. Therefore, make ye an efiort
and show ye zeal that the price of the land be fully
discharged and the means for the edifice procured.
The beloved in the East are striving with heart and
soul to contribute to the best of their ability, although
the internal conditions of Persia have, during the last
few years, been exceedingly disturbed. This revolution
affected all conditions and walks of life. There has been
no agriculture, no trade and no commerce; nay, rather,
in all the provinces there have been political disputes
and quarrels between the two parties, namely, the
nationalists and the constitutionalists. Thus, they have
been wholly occupied with their own afiairs. Notwith-
standing this, they have striven to contribute to the
Mashrak-el-Azkar in Chicago according to their best
ability, and they will never be found wanting!
If Persia should obtain order, the beloved there will
make a worthy contribution.
And I supplicate the Kingdom of God to aid and
confirm you.
Upon ye be 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, March 18,
1910.)
Mr. Mills then delivered the opening address.
He paid tribute to the spirit of sacrifice which
had been manifested by all in laboring for the
Mashral:-el-Azkar and said that the real building
of the Temple is going on right now in our
hearts; that the Temple is to be but an outward
expression of the spiritual unity among us. This
spiritual unity will increase with our growth. May
it ever remain the manifest sign of the love of
God in the heart of humanity.
The first business to come before the Conven-
tion was the election of a chairman.

