14 BAHAI NEWS
and pray that these awful tests and ordeals will soon
cease forever.
It is a cause of astonishment that there are still to
be found those who could be incited by such a false
and unfounded pretext that the Bahais are against
the parliament, when it is so generally known that
the Bahai Revelation is on the side of lawful govern--
ment and has proclaimed these principles in its
Books and Tablets for the past fifty years.
As to the misrepresentation that the BAHAI NE-ws
contained articles against the constitution and gov-
ernment: From the very first number, articles have
appeared in the Persian section, devoted to the eluci-
dation of the principles of the Bahai Revelation.
Had the Mohammedan clergy, who confiscated our
paper, read these articles they would know that
everything expressed therein is in accord with the
purest and noblest teaching of Mohammed, for we
frequently quoted from his writings and traditions
to demonstrate our point.
Permit us to ask a few questions of the clergy:
Did Mohammed encourage ignorance? Did he teach
men to kill their brothers? Did he instruct anyone
to lay waste the homes of his Are not
these Bahais your brothers? Are they not your
flesh and blood? Should not brothers live together
in peace and harmony, and save the country from
disunion and disruption? Even we in the West, who
have come to believe in the Prophethood of Moham-
med through the Teachings of are per-
plexed at such an interpretation of the teachings of
the Prophet, and believe that were the spiritual in-
sight opened you would behold Mohammed weeping
at such injustice done in his name! What has caused
the friends in the West to become the lovers of
Persia? Is it not the Teachings of 
Could the Mohammedan clergy bring about this
union? Only the Power of God can thus transform
the hearts! And if it be the Power of God behind
this Movement, nothing can prevent it from accom-
plishing its purpose, which is "the good of the world
and the happiness of the nations that all nations
become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the
bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men
be strengthened; that diversity of religion cease and
difference of race be annulled, and the Most Great
Peace come!"

