BAI-IAINEVVS 5
American Educational Society and that I should
act as a representative from the Society in Amer-
ica and fulfill the duties that you designated for
me in your program. I hope to send you, next
week, the list of the boys' names, a little descrip-
tion of each and tell to whom they belong.
As the girls' school is not yet started, have
decided, with the consent of the Spiritual As-
sembly (of Consultation), to use the money
sent for the sixteen girls' scholarships toward the
expenses of starting the school and when the
school is opened we will appoint the sixteen girls.
Please notify the givers of theseischolarships We
hope the school will be ready in the autumn. Al-
ready we have received over $600 here in Teheran
toward the school and with the help from Amer-
ica, this will be enough to start a good school. 
Now I will try to answer your questions about
the Tarbiat school: I We have at present 270
pupils, about 50 new ones having come to us dur-
ing the past two months, for the school has really
a very fine reputation in Persia. It is claimed by
everybody as one of the very best. Several new
sch-ools have been founded here since the grant-
ing of the constitution and though liberally helped
by rich Persians, none of them equal ours. The
other day a professor from the Doral-Fonoun
(Shah's.University) came to our school to examine
the boys in arithmetic, algebra and geometry. He
had been sent by the government to visit all the
schools. After examining carefully each class, he
told me that our school in Teheran had such
bright and intelligent boys and that in mathe-
matics we were 'way in advance of other schools.
One of the reasons why we make greater progress
is that our school program is "based on that of the
American schools. When I came to Tarbiat school
two years ago, I found its program was like that
of all other Persian schools. For instance, mathe-
matics would be taught but three days a week and
then all the children who studied mathematics
would be put in one room and taught at one time,
though some might be advanced and others far be-
hind. The first thing I did was to arrange the pupils
in classes according to their ability and degree of
advancement and have them study mathematics,

