BAHAI NEWS 7
mathematics, geography and history. Then when
the boy has a good ground work in Persian, he
may start either in English or French. Mirza
Farajullah Khan is the French teacher and a
very good one, and I am the English teacher as-
sisted by Fariborz who came with me from Acca.
During the five years of the advanced course the
boys study one of these languages, so that when
they leave they are able to converse, write and
'translate. They study ancient and modern history,
foreign and Persian, mathematics, physics, chem-
istry, etc. They all, of course, must study Arabic.
I teach also some physiology and botany to my
advanced classes in English. We have
eleven teachers now. We have a president of the
school, Dr. Ata-Ollah Khan, whose duty is to visit
the school each day for an hour and report to the
committee which meets every week. This "servant,
as you know, is the superintendent, and has a
help, Mirza Yousaf Khan, who keeps the books,
etc. There are also two servants_ We have a
good size school building for which We pay twenty
toumans a month, but it is too small for our grow-
ing school and I hope next year we will be able
to buy a big piece of land and build for ourselves.
Another place we need is a place for boys to live
who come to us from other cities. I am anxious
to have dormitories with rules and regulations
like our boarding school in America. We have
started a boys' club of the older boys in the school,
which meets every week, and I hope we can have
a room for that some day where we can have
English and French magazines and books. Your
"Literary Digest" is very welcome and any other
American magazines that people have finished
reading will be very acceptable. I wish you could
find some plays for boys to send me (no girls
easy acting pieces. I
am sending you two photographs; one of some of
the boys of the English class and the other of the
teachers and the members of the committee and
the pupils in the advanced course.
Fraternal greetings to Bro. Hannen and all our
friends who are with us in this great work.
Faithfully your brother in the Cause,
ESKANDER SPRAGUE.

