BAHAI NEWS 3
ecies of the Koran, but also of the sacred scriptures
of the Hindu and Hebrew peoples. Mirza Ali Mo-
hammed was bitterly persecuted, and finally shot in
1850. By this time the movement had spread all
over Persia, and in the early fifties Baha 'U11ah, the
son of a noble Persian family, came forward and
proclaimed himself the teacher who had been prom-
ised. Baha 'Ullah, by the way, had never met the
Bab. In 1863, by an arrangement between the
Persian and Turkish Governments, spurred on by the
Mullahs, who were alarmed by the spread of the new
teaching, Baha 'Ullah and his family were first sent
to Constantinople, then banished to Adrianople, and
finally, in 1868, exiled to Acca, a fortified Turkish
town on the Syrian coast, where Baha 'Ullah was
kept in more or less close confinement until his death,
at the age of seventy-five, in 1892. At times he was
treated in the most brutal way--chained to other
men by the neck and subjected to torture; In spite
of the imprisonment of the leader, the movement
spread with tremendous rapidity throughout the
Middle East. Pilgrims came from India and other
distant parts to receive the blessing of Baha 'Ullah
at the prison bars."
"What happened when he died 
"He left a book of laws and many other works,
and instructed his followers to look to his eldest
son, Abdul-Baha, to carry on his Work and to ex-
pound his writings. Abdul-Baha, which means the
'Servant of God,' was kept in prison at Acca until the
time of the Turkish Revolution in 1908, when, along
with all political prisoners, he was released. He
went to live near Haifa, close to Mt. Carmel, but
about two months ago he started on a journey, andis
now in Egypt. That is a bare outline of the prog-
ress of the movement, but it gives no idea of the
extraordinary power that lies behind it."
"Did you meet Abdul-Baha on your recent visit to
the East?"
"Yes, I met Abdul-Baha near Alexandria, where
he was staying with some of his followers. Let me
try to give you a word-picture of him. He is sixty-
five years of age, of medium height and of command-
ing presence; he has long silver-gray beard and hair,
blue-grey eyes, a fine forehead, a wonderful carriage,
and a sweet but powerful voice. He was dressed
when I saw him, in cream white robes and a white

