BAHAI NEWS 15
money is transmitted for the Mashrak-el-Azkar in
America. This is through the bounty and providence
of the Blessed Perfection, the assistance and confirma-
tion of the Sun of Truth and the victory and triumph
of the Luminary of Effulgence who has united so marvel-
ously the regions of the World together. Glory belongs
to the Lord of Hosts Sovereignty belongs to the Com-
passionate God, Power and Might belongs to the Living,
Self-subsistent One who has united the people of the
world and assembled them together like unto the
brilliant stars of the horizon of adoration.
my God! my God! Favor belongs to Thee,
Generosity belongs to Thee, Praise belongs to Thee
and Glorification is Thine, for that which Thou hast
bestowed upon these indigent ones, granted a refuge
and asylum to these weak ones in the cave of Thy
protection and preservation, assisted them in the ser-
vice of Thy Cause and confirmed them in the worship
of Thy Exalted Threshold. Lord It They have sacri-
ficed their belongings and souls in Thy path, contributed
for love of Thee and missed no chance or opportunity
in spreading Thy Signs, diffusing Thy Word, promul-
gating Thy Name among Thy servants and proclaiming
Thy wonders among Thy creatures.
Verily Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Most
High, the Omnipresent and verily Thou art the" Clement
and the Most Merciful!
(Signecl) ABDUL-BAHA Assns.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 19, 1910,
Wasliington, D. C.)
Extract from a Tablet to his honor Ebn Abhar.*
Explain to the people the details of the Mashrak-el-
Azkar in Chicago and tell them how contributions are
received from the East and the West. For example, at
this moment four -contributions were received in one
day from Rangoon, Bombay (India), Jahram of Shiraz
and Kheirol-Gora of Khorassan for the Mashrak-eh
Azkar of America and were forwarded to their destina-
tion.
Truly, I say, the friends of God displayed wonderful
generosity in regard to the contributions for the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar. They displayed magnanimity at "any cost
to such an extent that some of them sold portions of
their clothing on the streets. This is through the Power
of the Covenant of God, for until this day an event of
this character has never transpired that from the East
and Asia contributions were forwarded to the West for
the building of a Temple. Verily this is a cause of
astonishment for the people of perception.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 19, 1910.)
Mrs. True, Financial Secretary, presented the
following report:
At the close of the Convention of 1909, the former
Treasurer of the Temple Fund turned over to the newly
appointed Treasurer of Bahai Temple Unity the sum
*Another of the venerable teachers of the East.

