BAHAI NEVVS 13
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA.
Extract from a letter from the Bahai maid-servants
of Yazd, Persia, to their sisters in America:
The believers of Yazd send their love to- the Bahais of
America and submit to them the following petition:
First, we supplicate from our beloved Abdul-Baha that all
of you may remain firm and united under the shade of the Tree
of the Covenant; that ye may become confirmed and assisted in
laying the foundation and raising the structure of the Mashrak-
el-Azkar. You must not become disheartened and discouraged
on account of delays and the lack of ample means. Think and
ponder over the building of the Temple in Jerusalem. This -is
a great service and most significant foundation. The similarity
of a great work is like unto a great stone that cannot be raised
without much pain and endurance. The invisible confirmations
with all strength and power will be and is your support. What
prosperity and what glory is greater than this? For you have
become the recipient of the greatest bounty and the object of the
most wonderful favor. We entreat from our Lord to confirm
you in the accomplishment of this House of God.
The following supplication was received in the month of Ola
(Fast). Nine days more are left in the month of Fasting.
God willing, we will chant this prayer for your spiritual suc-

c'e.s:
God, my aim, my hope! With hearts full of longing and
breasts full of yearning, we beg of Thee and we supplicate at
the threshold of Thy Might to raise the foundation of the
Mashrah~eZ-Azhar in Chicago in the most speedy manner. Make
its basis firm and its structure enduring, suffer its pillars to
remain unslzakable and make its columns of the steel and iron
of firmness. Glorify its servants, beautify the characters and
make the worshipers beloved. Sufier its nightingales to sing,
'Ya 1' and its parrots to warble the praises of
our Lord, the Most Supreme. Make its men the standards
unfolded 0-n the mountains of the world, and its women the
sanctified angels of the tabernacle of the world 
The Treasurer's books, October 1st, showed a. bal-
ance of $3,108.14, since which time the receipts have
been $516.80, showing a balance, November 1st, of
making it necessary to raise $1,900.06
before January 1, 1911.
CORINNE Then,
Financial Secretary Bahai Temple Unity.
NEWS ITEMS.
Interesting articles, in answer to questions pertaining to the
Bahai Faith. appeared in The eehly Scotsman, Edinburg, Scot-
land. October 8th and 15th.
Regular meetings of the Ithaca, N. Y., Assembly have been
inaugurated. The first meeting was held Friday evening,
October 21st. at the residence of Dr. W. E. House.
The Philadelphia, Pa., Assembly has been greatly favored by
receiving a visit from Mr. Howard Struven, who traveled
around the world with Mr. Remey. He came on Sunday,
October 16th. In the evening. the nineteen-day Feast was held
at the home of Mrs. Mary J. Revell, 1429 Mayfield Street,
which was beautiful, after which Mr. Struven gave us an in-
teresting address, telling us about his travels and wonderful
visit with Abdul-Baha. We wish. as an Assembly, to express
our sincere thanks to him and hope, God willing. he will _v1sit
us very soon again. His visit was very greatly appreciated
by all present. J- E- R-

