18 BAHAI NEWS
hope that it may increase its size and number of pages and
become an active force in enlightening public opinion in regard
to the Bahai Revelation. The news of the organization of the
Orient-Occident Unity has reached us and we are all anxious
to receive a copy of its constitution.
the appearance of the Star of the West
a new spirit has been infused into the hearts of the Oriental
Bahais. Praise be to God! that the Words of Truth are pro-
mulgated, the friends and strangers become as one, and the
principles of this Cause and the Teachings of this Universal
Religion became known to all the inhabitants of the world.
When this publication appeared among us we realized the foun-
dation of the Bahai community had been laid, for a commu-
nity without a literary organ is like an illiterate man, who
cannot express the thoughts of his mind and the emotions of
his heart. We hope that through it, the East and the West,
the North and the South become united, and that unity and
love be established among the children of men. that all the
believers of the earth become like links of one chain and per-
fume the nostrils like until a bouquet of hyacinths and roses.
Although, in the beginning, some difficulties may arise, yet
with firmness great services will be accomplished, the seed
will produce a harvest and the branch will grow into a mighty
tree. God willing, the organizers of this publication should
not encounter many difficulties for undoubtedly all the Bahais
will endeavor to support it, that it may become the first
publication in the world.
We have four meetings every week, two for the public and
two for the believers. Our women's assembly is composed of
energetic and loving souls and they are very anxious to cor-
respond with their sisters in the West.
PERSIAN-AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY.
Since the last report of the Society, published in the BAHAI
News, there has been considerable activity at headquarters.
We desire to acknowledge the valuable assistance rendered by
Mr. Frank D. Clark, of Bufialo, whosubmitted a proposed Con-
stitution, carefully indexed, and from which suggestions were
embodied in the proposed plan of the Orient--Occident Unity.
The sub-committee on new Constitution and reorganization
met on Saturday, October 22d, at the apartment of Mrs. Coles.
Following this, weekly meetings were held until the Consti-
tution was ready. Copies of the draft have been mailed to
various interested friends, for their suggestions.
Circular letters calling for books, etc., for the Library of
the Tarbiat School, have been mailed broadcast, and all the
friends are urged to contribute in this manner toward the
library in Teheran. News comes from that city to the efiect
that they are receiving books from America, and are number-
ing and indexing them.
A weekly journal in Teheran, Civilization, recently devoted
six pages to an account of the P. A. E. S. Also the news-
paper Tohere Ne-ma, of Cairo, in two recent numbers gives a
complete account. The East is just beginning to realize the
immense energy and dynamic force stored in this association.
As the "Temple Unity" Convention will be held during the
latter part of April, 1911, it has been decided that the first
annual meeting of the P. A. E. S. shall be called for the first
Monday in May. At that time the new Constitution will be
submitted for adoption, and the officers for the ensuing year
will be elected.
The friends in Shiraz advise us that they wish to open a
branch School of Tarbiat. The Society has promised to send
them primary books on geography, mathematics, reading, etc.,
for twenty pupils. They have the funds for furniture, room,
etc. All those desiring to help in this movement are asked
to contribute small sums of money for these books, which

