BAHAI NEWS 7
from the stains of desire and enable you to attain
to tranquillity in My straight path and My manifest
road. To be severed from attachment means to be
separated from those things Which occasion loss
and lessen the grandeur of man. If the people of
the world should attain to the Heavenly Utter-
ances they would never be prevented from the Ocean
of Divine Generosity.
The heaven of righteousness has no Star, and
never shall have one, brighter than this. The first
Utterance of the Wise One is this: ye Sons of
Earth! Turn from the night of foreignness to the
shining of the Sun of Unity. This is that which
shall benefit the people of the World more than
aught else.
Friend! The Tree of the Word has no better
Blossom and the Ocean of Wisdom shall never have
a brighter Pearl than this: ye Sons of Intel-
ligence! The thin eyelid prevents the from
seeing the world and What is contained therein.
Then think of the result when the curtain of greed
covers the sight of the heart.
Say, People! The darkness of greed and envy
obscures the light of the soul as the cloud prevents
the penetration of the sun's rays. Should one lis-
ten With the ear of intelligence to this Utterance,
he shall spread the wings of freedom and soar with
great joy toward the heaven of understanding.
When the World was environed with darkness,
the Sea of Generosity was set in motion and Divine
appeared so that the deeds were dis-
closed. This is the same illumination which is
promised in the heavenly books. Should the Al-
mighty desire the hearts of the people of the world,
He will purify and sanctify _them with the power
of the Word, and will pour forth the Light of the
Sun of Unity upon the souls to regenerate the world.
People! The Word must be demonstrated by
the deed, for the righteous witness of the Word is
action. The former Without the latter shall not
allay the thirst of the needy nor open the doors
of sight to the blind.
The Heavenly Wise One proclaimeth: A harsh
Word is like a sword, but gentle speech is like unto
milk. The children of the world attain to knowl-
edge and better themselves through this. The
Tongue of Wisdom says: Whosoever possesses Me

