8 NEVVS
not, has nothing. Pass by Whatever exists in this
world and find Me. I am the Sun of Perception
and the Ocean of -Science. I revive the withered
ones and quicken the dead. I am that Light which
ilhunines the path of Insight. I am the Falcon of
t-he Hand of the Almighty; I bear healing in My
wings and teach the knowledge of soaring to the
1-leaven of Truth.
The Peerless Beloved says: The Way of freedom
is opened! Hasten ye! The Fountain of Knowl-
edge is gushing! Drink ye! Say, Friends! The
Tabernacle of Oneness is raised; look not upon
each other With the of strangeness. Ye are
all the fruits of one tree and the leaves of one
branch. Truly, I say, Whatever lessens ignorance
and increases knowledge, that has been, is and
shall be accepted by the Creator.
Say, People! Walk ye under the shade of the
Tree of Righteousness; enter ye under the pro-
tection of the Tent of Unity. Say, thou Posses-
sor of Sight! The past is the mirror of the future;
look and perceive. Perchance, after the acquire-
ment oi knowledge, ye may know the Friend and
attain to His good pleasure. Today the best fruit
of the Tree o-f Science and Knowledge is that which
benefits mankind and iinpro-ves his condition.
Say! the tongue is the witness of My Truth; do
not pollute it with untruthfulness. The spirit is
the treasury of My Mystery; do not deliver it into
the hand of greed. It is hoped that in this Dawn
the universe shall become illuznined with the rays
of the sun of understanding and knowledge, so that
We may attain to the good pleasure of the Beloved
and drink from the Ocean of Divine Recognition.
Friend! As there were few ears to hear, so
for some time the Pen has been silent in its own
chamber and to such a degree that silence has
preceded utterance. Say, People! VVords are
revealed according to capacity, so that the begin-
ners rnay make progress. The milk must be given
according to the measure, so that the babe of the
World may enter into the realm of grandeur and
be established in the Court of Unity.
Friend! We have seen the pure ground and
cast the seed of knowledge. New it depends upon
the rays of the sun Whether it burns up 0-r is
caused to grow. Sav today, through the greatness

