2 BAHAI NEWS
Through Dr. Fareed to the near maid-servant of God,
the daughter of the Kingdom, Marie VVatson.
Upon her be 
HE IS eon!
thou ca-mile of the Love of God!
Thy letter was received. Thou hast written that
the daughter of the Kingdom, Aseyeh, is studying
Persian, and that thou art teaching Mirza Faragollah
Khan, English.
Turn to the Kingdom of ABHA, seek assistance and
put forth effort so that all may soon learn Persian,
and his honor, Mirza Faragollah Khan may also ac-
quire the mastery of the English tongue.
Thou hast learned of the conditions of my coming
to America. I beg of God that the beloved in Amer-
ica may become so enlightened that the lights of
their love may flood the "Turk and the Tajik," and
that an attractive magnet may be brought forth in
that country, capable of attracting Abdul-Baha with
all power to those regions, and this is not far from
His Mercy.
Regarding the meeting you have established, in
New York: I hope that through the Divine Con-
firmation it may prove to be a gathering of the Love
of God.
Convey the utmost kindness from me to the daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Sheber, Marguerite, the daugh-
ter of the Kingdom, and say that the olive tree is
an emblem of peace and concord, and the olive is the
fruit and result thereof.
God willing thou shalt attain the delicious fruit of
peace and concord and thou shalt place a bouquet of
roses from the Garden of the Paradise of ABHA at
the Heavenly Feast spread before Abdul-Baha, i. 
God willing thou shalt attain such perfections as re-
semble a bouquet of flowers and thou shalt ofi'er it to
the heavenly table.
Thou hast Written that in a house of a Theosophist
thou prepared a feast of joy and a fete of gladness.
This Society is ready for hearing the Word of God.
Treat them with the utmost love, kindness, unity and
oneness, so that the attractive power of the Word of
God may draw them to the Sun of Reality.
Upon thee be 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Annas.
Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, Feb. 20, 1911.

