BAHAI NEWS 13
revealed by Abdul-Baha show the importance and
world-wide efiect of this tour:
Truly, I say, this beloved of Abdul-Baha left his
natlve land, turned his back upon the comforts and
pleasures of home, accepted the difficulties of travels,
and crossed the Pacific. and the Atlantic oceans. In
the Hawaiian Islands he gave the Glad-tidings of the
Kingdom; in Japan he deliveredithe Teachings of His
Highness the Incomparable. He summoned the souls
to the Most Great Guidance, and suffered the thirsty
ones to drink from the Fountain of Job. He proclaimed
the Dawn of the Manifest Light in China, and he per-
fumed India with the Fragrance of the Rose-garden of
the Merciful. Praise be to God, he became assisted,
confirmed, and raised the Summons of the Kingdom in
those countries, suffered the Mysteries of the Realm
of Might to become manifest, built a structure which
will remain firm and established forever and ever,
enlcindled a lamp whose illumination will be perpetual,
and planted a tree whose fruits will be limitless.
Consider thou how the power of the Word of God
has united the East and the West and bestowed spirit-
ual communication, that a blessed soul from the in-
habitants of America, while in the Holy Land, men-
tioned to Abdul-Baha the name of a man living in
Asia, and with the utmost devotion requests the writ-
ing of a Tablet. Praise be to God! 'What a communi-
cation! Vvhat a unity and concord! Today the in-'
habitants of the world must be engaged generally in
praising the Word of God, which has bestowed such a.
bounty and has established such a harmony and affilia-
tion that the Beloved of the union of the race of man
has uncovered the face, displaying the utmost beauty
and perfection in the assemblages of the World, and
is captivating the hearts of everyone in all the regions.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Impressions received upon such a journey and
visit with Abdul-Baha are of value to all, there-
fore we are pleased to quote the following com-
munication from Mr. Remey:
Dear Friends in E1-ABHAI
Since my arrival in this country, from the Holy
Land, on June 3rd, I have received many inquiries
from the friends regarding any possible instructions
which Abdul-Baha might have sent through Mr. Stru-
ven and me to the friends in America to be followed in
the Bahai work. We are the bearers of no instruc-
tions whatev-er; nevertheless, we, as all who come
from Abdul-Baha, have a message or a lesson to
share with all.
The one great lesson which we learned While with
Abdul-Baha was the lesson of the Unity of the
of the believers in each
of the assemblies, and the interdependence of these
assemblies between one another, both East and 'West.
On our long journey to Acca many of the friends
asked us to place before Abdul-Baha certain ques-

