2 A A I 
ABDUL-BAHA IN EGYPT.
-Second of a series of special news items pertaining to the
sojourn of Abdul-Baha in Egypt.
"our on EGYPT HAVE I CALLED MY soN."
To those who are familiar with the sacred prophe-
cies and the history of the Bahai (Glorious) Reve-
lation, Abdul - Baha's "going down into Egypt,"
after forty years' confinement in the Holy Land-
in the prison town of Acca, near the foot of Mt.
Carmel--is an event fraught with wonderful and
tremendous significance; for it is, undoubtedly, that
event whereby the Word of God, as uttered by the
Prophet Hosea (11 finds its complete fulfillment
foreshadowed in the sojourn of the infant
Jesus in that land nearly two thousand years ago
(St. Matt. 2:15).
It is an event that has stirred the Bahais every-
where, for when it became known that Abdul-Baha
had departed for that ancient country of Joseph,
there swept over the Bahai world a mighty spirit of
activity. It is an event that will, doubtless, soon
command the serious attention of the Jewish and
Christian worlds (especially those who await the
coming of the Son "in the glory of his Father"),
as it has already commanded the attention of the
Mohammedan world; for, at present, the Egyptian
most influential in the Mohammedan
world divided into two camps: some
praising Abdul-Baha's Work; others trying to stop
the fioodgate of his irresistible influence.
oamid, a paper respected by all the Islamic world,
says: "Although he (Abdul-Baha) has lived the
greater part of his life in Acca, Syria, yet there
are millions of peop1e--in Persia, India, Europe and
America--who follow him and respect him to the
point of worship and adoration. Whosoever asso--
ciates with him, finds him a man who has informa-
tion upon all subjects of human interest; his words
are eloquent and attract the hearts, and enkindle the
souls. His teachings and conversation revolve around
the centre of the greatest of the world's problems:
To remove entirely, religious, racial and patriotic
prejudices, and lay the foundation of a brotherhood
and unity that will last throughout the ages and
eternity."
Such is the statement of the leading newspaper
printed in Arabic, while the editor of an influential

