4 BAHAI NEWS
Women's Meetings before organizing the men and WO-
men together, thus accentuating, rather than minister-
ing properly, to the difficulty. Only today I had a let-
ter from a good maid--servant saying that the only man
in her assembly had refused to come to meetings be-
cause he was the only man present. I mention this be-
cause this condition is typical of that in most of the
assemblies of America. No one can gainsay that the
dear maid-servants have far more zeal than We have,
but I know that in many places the men are simply
waiting for men to show them how to Work and what
to do.
Now, brothers, if you can through correspondence
arouse the men in the various assemblies to organiza-
tion, you will indeed do a Work for Abdul-Baha. In
most places the men are doing but little. As soon as
they are organized and working together they will bring
in more so on.
This Work of organization is, I feel, especially neces-
sary in the early growth of an assembly. I have seen
the ill-effects of unorganized efforts which have been
allowed to run along indefinitely. 
From what I have seen upon my recent travels I
know that the Bahais throughout the country Would hail
with delight and respond to a plan of simple organiza-
tion Which you could suggest. Now is the time for such
a move. The results of it will be far-reaching. All the
people need is a good suggestion and a little encour-
agement. 
Dear brothers. I know you will understad my mo-
tive so I will not apologize to you for giving so much
advice. 
Yours in His Service,
CHARLES Mason REMEY.
ACCA, SYRIA.
The Ottoman ofiicials have recently opened two
iarge gateways through the thick, solid and an-
cient Walls of the old fort of Acca. Both open out
on the green plain in front of Behje, Where the
Holy Tomb is located. Wonderful to relate, one of
these gates is situated back of the old house of
Abdul-Baha, where he often walked, during the
-time of his confinement, to the fortress!
Furthermore, ofiicial men, architects and masons
have come from Constantinople for the express
purpose of planning a beautiful city outside of the
old prison Walls! To live today and Witness
the actual fulfillment of the old prophecies is
verily a blessing for which we cannot be surfi-
ciently thankful. Let the Bahai young architects
and engineers get ready for work in the Holy
City! Ameen U. Fareed.

