BAHAINEYVS 5
of the French and Russian families, so that they may
become acquainted With your great Work. We will be
infinitely obliged to you if you send us a few copies
in French. Hoping to hear from you, accept, Monsieur
Secretary, the assurance of my most distinguished con-
sidemtiOn- (Signet!) Miss Z. ROBINS,
(Translated from the French.) B-atoum, Russia.
Dear Spiritual Brother--I read today in the BAHA1
News sent to me by Mr. Roy -C. 'Wilhelm, of W'all
Street, and found it of the utmost importance, nay,
rather, the greatest and most obligatory thing to be
done, to help the Persian-American Interdependence
Society,'and am very desirous of helping it in all the
ways I can. I am extremely desirous of becoming an
active member of the Society for Bombay, if permitted,
and beg to be asked to do all that I can and should. I
am as yet a student of law, and have not begun to earn
my honest penny. My most beloved father is a very
staunch Hindoo. I being thus situated may not be able
to help the Society by material means, which it most
needs, but hope to do so in the near future, When I shall
be able to spare a. little money. At' present It offer my
most humble services, greatest appreciation of its need
and usefulness, and heartfelt desire to see it progresse
ing. I most humbly and most respectfully pray to God,
that the Almighty may shower His Favors upon it.
'With love and greetings to all the spiritual brothers and
sisters in El-Astra; with due thanks to all the dear
brothers and sisters who Work for the P. A. I. Society,
and a sense of the 'appreciation of the -great work they
do, I beg to remain, my dear spiritual brother, your
brother in E1-A31-IA, 
(Sign-ed N. R. VA KIL,
16th July, 1910. Navsari, India.
All are urged to secure more scholarships, and
to work with us so that the coming winter season
may see a large increase in this respect. We are
before the eyes of the world, and must do our full
duty!
The Librarian asks that attention be called to
the need of literature for the Tarbiat School in
Teheran. Any books, magazines, etc., will be
Welcomed. They may be sent direct to Mr. Sydney
Sprague, clo Mirza Azizollah Khan, rue Arbab
Jemsheed, Teheran, Persia, or to Mrs. Claudia S.
Coles, 310 The Burlington, Washington, D. C.
Postage on printed matter togPersia is the same
as domestic rates, and no better use could be
found for discarded magazines or spare books,
than to pass them along for this worthy use.
Jos. H. Cor. 
Wasliington, D. C., August 27, 1910.

