18 BAHAI NEWS
PACIFIC COAST.
The writer has recently visited Seattle, Portland,
Ore., and Oakland, Calif. In each place the knowl-
edge of the Cause is spreading and many are mani-
festing deep and favorable interest in the reality
of the Bahai Revelation. This interest results
from the earnest and self-sacrificing efforts of the
friends in each city, those Whose hearts are afire
with the love of God and who desire to serve His
Cause. Meetings are arranged at difierent homes
and halls on succeeding evenings and in afternoons
also, that all who will may have the opportunity to
hear the glad-tidings. Notes of invitation are sent
to many and the telephone is kept busy notifying
the acquaintances of the various gatherings. All
this means work, but it is a service of love and
there is ever a present reward in seeing the eager
faces and the earnest attention to the Message
by those who come and come again.
This wonderful Message is so radiant with
beauty, so noble in teaching, so sane and practical
in application, that it is heard with favor from all
who are not blinded by prejudice, and even before
its divine character is acknowledged. And many
"lift up their hearts with delight that they may
be fitted to meet Him and to mirror forth His
Beauty."
Thahbet.
WAS-HINGTON, D. C.
The Washington Assembly has greatly enjoyed
and profited by a visit from Mr. Percy F. Woodcock,
who was with us from Friday, April 15,. to Monday,
April 18, inclusive. On Friday night a large audi-
ence greeted our brother, including several stran-
gers. Saturday evening a reception at the Hospice,
214 Street, S. E., crowded the spacious parlors,
and again on Sunday morning, despite a heavy
downpour, many came out to hear the splendid
teachings. On Sunday night, the wife of one of
the professors at Howard University, who had re-
cently invited a large number of her friends to
hear Mr. Wilhelm, again called them together, and
though the rain continued, a number of most in~
terested souls, leaders among the colored race,
listened attentively to the glad-tidings. Although

