2 BAHAI NEVVS
should be a person or persons of education and
culture, for they will be obliged to work amongst
people of much culture and wisdom. In both
-China and Japan the upper classes must first be
reached. When a few of these are reached, the
mass of the people will come with but little efiort.
LETTER FROM MR. REMEY.
Rnneooy, BURMAH, February 4, 1910.
To the Bahai Assembly of
Warshington, D. C., U. S. A.
DEAR BAHAI writing you last
from Honolulu, our Bahai brother, Howard Stru-
ven, and I, have attained to this point on our line
of travel, having visited Japan, and some of the
Chinese ports, as well as Singapore, on our way
here to Rangoon.
We arrived here about ten days ago; the inter-
vening time has sped past very quickly. Being
quartered in the Mashrak-el-Azkar, we are receiv-
ing believers and truth-seekers from a very early
to a very late hour. Many are coming to inquire
about the Teachings, Christians, Jews, Zoroas-
trians, Moslems, Buddhists and Brahmans or Hin-
(loos. We find that the general knowledge which
we had of these latter-mentioned religions is very
scanty, so we have been studying and preparing
ourselves to meet the questions of the people of
these divers creeds. This to the Bahai is not so
difficult a task as one might at first imagine, as
in their purity each of these religions of the world
was of divine origin, so now that the Bahais have
the spiritual understanding or key to all religions,
they are all explained from one spiritual stand-
point. The one spiritual explanation satisfies the
seeking soul from whatever religion he may come.
Thus do we see the power and the spiritual po-
tency of the Truth.
In Japan we spent six days with Prof. M. Bara-
katullah, in Tokyo, where he had gathered quite a
group of truth-seekers from both the foreigners
living in Tokyo as well as from the Japanese peo-
ple. Enclosed I send you a copy of a notice in
Japanese which was circulated, inviting people to
a large Bahai Meeting heldin the Y. M. G. A.
Auditorium in Tokyo. We had a well-attended

