12 BAHAI NEWS
and A/lr. Jacobsen were appointed a to do
that work. On the day of their appointment, they
began negotiations with the agents of the owner. The
committee was placed in possession of most valuable
and trustworthy information as to the actual value of
this and surrounding property, and was able to enter
into negotiations with full knowledge of the situation,
so that little time was lost between the contracting
parties in negotiation.
The option on twelve lots of the tract previously
taken by Mr. Hall in the name of Mrs. True proved
valuable in fixing the price. The committee made an
offer of $32,500 for the entire tract, including the
twelve lots under the option.
This offer was accepted and a contract providing for
the payment of $5,000 every six months, and inte-'1-st,
commencing July 1, 1909, was entered into. All pay-
ments have been met, as we have been ad-
vised by the treasurer's report. The conveyancing has
been in the hands of Mr. Greenacre, an eminent attor-
ney of Chicago, by whom every interest has been most
carefully safeguarded. Title is secured to Mrs. True,
Mr. Agnew and Mr. acobsen who comprise the Temple
Treasury. They have declared a trust, by appropriate
conveyance, in favor of Bahai Temple Unity, a cor-
ora 1-on.

A religious incorporation was effected under the laws
of Illinois in the name "Bahai Temple Unity."
To the same trustees were duly conveyed the two
lots heretofore purchased in the same tract and held
by the House of Spirituality of Chicago.
As soon as negotiations for the purchase had been
completed, negotiations were taken up with the Drain-
age Board. of the Sanitary District of Chicago, and
with the Trustees of the Village of Wilmette for the
purpose of securing the vacation of alleys dividing our
tract and of changing the course of Sheridan Road to
avoid a sharp corner at our property, and to give
the road a more desirable direction.
These negotiations were later taken up and have been
carried on with great success by Mr. Honore Jaxon,
Whose report thereon covers that branch of the Work.
Messrs. Hall and Remey were appointed an Architec-
tural and Building Committee, and to the call issued
by them to the architects of America, there have been
submitted seven sets of beautiful designs for the Temple
by eminent architects of the United States and Canada,
namely:
Mr. Remey of Vi/'ashington, Mr. Bufiington of Minne-
apolis, Mr. Brush of Chicago, Mr. Lincoln of Brooklyn,
Mr. Woodward of Washington, a beautiful and elabo-
rate design under a nom de plume by an eminent archi-
tect of New York City, and by Mr. Maxwell of Montreal.
These beautiful designs are in themselves a revela-
tion. No selection has yet been made from these
contributions. Other architects have made application
to submit plans, and the entire subject is still before
the Board for future conference and action. All plans
will be submitted to Abdul-Baha and the fullest con-
ference had to the end that the final selection may
meet with united approval. 
The Executive Board has worked out a plan of cor-

