BAHAI NEWS
ISSUED 
ALBERT R. WINDUST EDITORS GERTRUDE BUIKEMA
Address all communications to
Bazaar SERVICE, Pg. O. 283, Chicago, gIll., U, S. A.
1800 B*e1zmontWRo*adj
\VashingtonSUBSCRIPTION PRICE PER YEAR.
Sent postpaid throughout North America, including Canal
Zone and Panama; and following islands: Cuba, Porto Rico,
Hawaii, Philippines; also England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales,
Germany, and Shanghai City (China); Unsealed single
copy 10c. Sealed $1.25; single copy 12c.
Sent postpaid throughout other parts of Occident and adjacent
islands including Newfoundland: Unsealed $1.00; single copy
10c. Sealed $1.75; single copy 15c.
Sent postpaid throughout Orient, including Egypt and Russia;
Sealed $1.75; single copy 15c. agents when es~
tablished in Oriental centers: $1.00 per year.
Vol. 1; p_ Chicagg. (Nov. g_ No. 14
With issue No. 9 of the BAHAI NEWS, a slip with
the following wording was sent to the men on our
mailing list:
Dear Brotl1er--Please read Mr. Remey's letter published in
this issue of the BAI-IAI Nnws. A statement of what you are
doing and planning to do for the advancement of the Cause in
your vicinity will be a source of encouragement and may sug-
gest ways and means to the men of other communities who are
interested in the progress of the Cause of EL-ABI-IA in the West.
A letter from you will be appreciated. Sincerely yours in His
Service, THE Enrrons.
A few interesting letters were received. One of
them we. publish herewith, believing it will demon-
strate what can be accomplished for the spread of
the Cause, no matter how adverse the conditions. We
are pleased to present this letter from Mr. John H.
Wilcott, who will be remembered as a former active
member of the Kenosha, Wis., Assembly:
Kendall, Mont, Sept. 12, 1910.
To the BAHAI Nnws.
Dear Servants of know you will be pleased
to hear from this part of the West. Although the work of
giving the Message is rather slow, we allow no opportunity to
pass. Mother and I are the only Bahais around here that We
know of, and up to this time we have only had cowboys, shep-
herds and a few ranchers to talk to, who live many miles apart.
My nearest ranchman owned 27 miles long of land which has
now been sold to the railroad company. This is the way I reach
these people, which may seem strange to you: First of all, my
claim is just Where every one has to make their roundup. Hun-
dreds of cattle are around us all the time. I have a full cow-
boy's suit, and I am out with the boys and seem to be as
tough as they are, so not to be a tenderfoot. From one to eight
come to my tent daily and I am now called "the preacher" for
miles around. Well, this is something new to the 
one to talk of God to yet I seem like one of them.
They tell it all over and I frequently meet a new one who has
heard of us. One old sheep-keeper, who used to come and rest

