BAHAI NEWS 9
of the progress of the Kingdom throughout the world
are reflected and can be observed. i Praise flows from
the tongue of every growing and firm believer after
reading it, for he becomes informed of the events
and thoughts. Unquestionably, this publication shall
serve the world of humanity. If it is continued, its
arena shall become broadened and it shall attain to
such a station as to bring about the unity of the
East and of the West.
D0 not become discouraged, nor yet dispirited!
Show ye firmness and steadfastness, and, if possible,
publish it in a larger size and more legible charac-
ters. Upon ye be Baha-el-ABBA!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Jan. 26, 1911.

The Persian section of the BAHAI NEWS, No. 17,
contained an exposition of the recent events in
Mashad and Shiraz, calling the attention of the Gov-
ernment to stop the persecution of the Bahais and
to deal justly with all their citizens so that other
powers may not entertain the idea that they are not
capable of self-government. The Persian section this
issue contains an article on Abdul-Baha's trip to
Egypt, a few incidents relating>> to the trip, his prom-
ise to visit America, and the formation of an inter-
assemblies' committee to prepare the way for his
coming; (2) news of the death of Monsieur Lucien
Dreyfus-Cardozo, father of Monsieur Hippolyte
Dreyfus.
NEWS NOTES.
Monsieur Lucien Dreyfus-Cardozo, father of Monsieur Hip-
polyte Dreyfus, died suddenly the 4th of January at Paris,
France. The family are all Bahais and this has enabled them
to accept the separation with courage. Laura Clifford Barney.
Excellent presentations of the Bahai Revelation have recently
appeared in the October and November issues of The Journal -of
the Knights of Labor, Washington, D. 0., by Col. Archie C.
Fisk, and in the November 13th issue of The St. (M'inn.)
Pioneer Press, which contained an interview with Mr. Bernard
Temple by their London correspondent.
During November and the early part of December, Mr. Louis
G. Gregory of Washington, D. 0., took a trip to several points
south in the interest of the Revelation of Eight
cities or towns were visited, and in the form of free public lec-
tures the glad-tidings were heralded directly to about nine hun-
dred souls. Indications are that the colored people of the
south will be very deeply and vitally interested. The oppres-
sion of centuries having made many of them live very close to
God, to them the Holy Spirit is a reality, and if the Message
is presented with fragrance, their hearts respond and often
yield.

