BAHAI NEWS 11
is at present studying medicine in Chicago. We believe his stay
in America will be to the advancement of the Cause and pray
that he may become a shining star in the Kingdom of ABHA.
INDIA.
V. R. Sindhe, B. A., the secretary of the
Pearthana Samaj of this city, delivered a lecture recently on
Bahaism, in Marathi, on the anniversary of the Pearthana
Samaj. He gave the history of the Cause beginning with the
Bab and ending with Abdul-Baha. He spoke very favorably
and very justly. The lecture appeared in one of the Marathi
newspapers in full. The Society is now contemplating print-
ing copies of it for free distribution. This, we believe, from
a non-Bahai will help the Cause and attract many souls.
We are glad to be in touch with the Western Bahais through
the medium of the Star of the West. There is no doubt that
it will make great progress in the future, for its aim is pure
and unselfish, and its only desire is to serve the Bahais in all
parts of the world.
JAPAN.
T0Kro.--Congratulations to the Star of the West for the
great service it is rendering to the Bahai Cause. The Islamic
Fraternity wishes to thank its contemporary for its encourag-
ing words.
The presence of Mr. Charles Mason Remey and Mr. Howard
C. Struven in this part of the world has been a great help.
Many people became interested in the Bahai Revelation through
Mr. Remey's public lecture.
PERSIA.
Barman copy of the report of the second conven-
tion of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in America was sent to us by
Seyad Assadollah Gomi. We read it in our Assembly and be-
came very happy, because of this great service rendered by
those American friends. At the conclusion of this report we
noted that a magazine is to be started in America by the Ba-
hais. We desire very much to subscribe for it and hope a few
copies will be sent to us every month.
Anayetollah Sohrab has left this city
for Abade to organize the school for children. Being a grad-
uate from the American College in Teheran, it is hoped that
he will organize the school along modern lines and much good
may be the outcome.
"We have just heard that two of our American sisters have
arrived at Teheran. We hope that through their endeavor
and service the problem of women's education will find new
inspiration in Persia.
We wish to install a telephone system in this city and any
practical information pertaining thereto will be appreciated.
the past week the affairs in this city have
been very chaotic. Several times a mob has tried to pillage
the houses of the Bahais and to kill them. We have petitioned
the governor to stop these persecutions, but nothing has as
yet been forthcoming. They say, that because the Bahais live
in this city all blessings and prosperity have departed from
them and they clamor for us to leave, threatening us severe
persecution three days since we
have been closely confined in our houses and all doors of de-
liverance are apparently closed. Because of these awful anx-
ieties two of the Bahai children have died and three are very
ill. Three times they have surrounded the houses and have
tried to destroy our lives and property, but the police have
prevented them. We pray that God in His Bounty and Mercy
may waft the breezes of justice from the direction of the
Kingdom of ABHA, and uplift the people of Persia with the
spirit of love and union.
booklet containing the news of the second
annual convention for the Mashrak-el-Azkar. in America, was
received and read in our dlfierent Assemblies, and it created
great joy and happiness. 7
Continued on Page 15

