 BAHAI 
Society, such as postage, printing, etc. There are
no salaries paid and no fixed charges.
Since the last report, scholarships have been re-
ceived as follows 
51')
51
32
:33
5-Ia
up-
-J-J
Vi'. J. E- Dillabaugh, New York City.
Mrs. William H. Hoar, Fanwood, J.
Mr. William H. Hoar, Fanwood, N. J.
Miss Marie A. Fo0te..Brooklyn. N. Y.
Honolulu Bahai Assembly, Honolulu, H. I.
Mrs. Louisa E. Ruddiman, Gobleville, Mich.
Address all communications to the Society, 1800
Belmont Road, Viashington, D. C., or to Joseph H.
Hannen, Corresponding Secretary, P. O. Box 192,
D. C.
-

FROM THE ORIENT.
fronz -many Z0-ng letters recently received by
Solzyab.
EGYPT.
PORT is in Alexandria and en-
joying his sojourn in Egypt most heartily. Mirza
_-lhinad Yazdi, just returning from Europe, has re-
ceive-;l permission to go to Alexandria and meet him.
PERSIA.
of the reorganization of the Oriental-
Occidental lnterdepencleiice Association has reached this city,
and all the friends are waiting to receive the new Constitution
so as to form a branch society here.
The first copy of the Occidental has created great
happiness among the Bahais. It is read in the meetings with
spiritual joy, and we thank God for this practical bond of
unity between the East and West. The women of this Assembly
have a VVomen's Club and plan to correspond With
their Bahai sisters in the West regularly; they meet once a
week to study various problems touching home-life and eco-
nomics. Two renowned teachers, Seyad Jalal and Mirza I-Iaji
Aga. who are traveling and teaching throughout Persia. recently
arrived in the city. The friends arranged extra meetings and
many people have been attracted to the Cause.
M.isHAo.--Du1-i11g the past few months an Assembly has been
organized here Whose policy is to equip teachers and to send
them forth in the field to teach. All the friends and members
of this Assenibly of Teaching contribute a certain amount of
money regularly to defray their expenses wh'le traveling. It is
understo<:d that they are not to stay for any length of time
in one place. and thus there is always one teacher in some
town. Branch assemblies are organized through this province
of Khorassan, who keep in touch with each other through
regular correspondence. Already the central assembly has sent
forth several teachers to spread the Glad-tidings. Kerblai Reja
Forougi and Abdel Hossein Samandar came from Eshkabad.
Russia, and by their presence and talks many hearts were
awakened. The Occ'i(l'cm'aZ Messenger has been received, and is
awakening great interest amcng the friends throughout the
province of Khorassan.
'*Tl1e Persian section of No. 8 issue of the BAI-IAI Nnws.

