BAHAI NEWS 17
it is not so much the amount th 'ft th
of the heart prompting the g'ift.O gl as 8 love
During the Convention $921.50 was contributed.
CORINNE TRUE, Financial Secretary.
'Mr. Hall told the story of the offering of a poor
widow in the Orient, who earns a few pennies a
day by baking and selling coarse bread. She pro-
tested against the seeming slight in not being
asked to contribute to the American Mashrak-e1-
Azkar. She had no money to give, so took an
old earring from her ear, sold it and proudly
brought her offering to the Temple fund, remark-
ing: "See! The good God in His bounty gives us
all something we can spare."
Mrs. Coles told the story of the widow's mite
and the start of the quilt fund.
Mrs. Parmerton, as Chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee, gave an account of the bless-
ing boxes. She also stated that these boxes had
been donated by two Presbyterians, who, in addi-
tion to this gift, had contributed toward the
postage fund in sending them through the mail to
the various centers.
This was followed by the Chairman reading a
letter, accompanying a contribution, which had
been sent by a devout Catholic, breathing a beau-
tiful, generous spirit.
Letters from the Pacific Coast and the Hawaiian
Islands were read. Also the following from Mr.
Thornton Chase:
Through Mr. John A. Finch, of Seattle, Wash., to the
Bahai Friends gathered in Chicago, who have placed
their trust in the Word of God, are firm in the Cove-
nant and living citizens in the Kingdom of God.
Dear Fellow-Servants in the Name of God:
This is a word of greeting and congratulation to you
in this time of rejoicing. I long to hear your glad voices
and see the light of assurance shining in your faces,
anid I am with you in spirit in your Feast and Convo-
ca ion.
The Cause of God is entering the hearts of many in
the West. Its fame is spreading quietly but widely,
and the earnest workers are seeing rich rewards in the
increasing interest of many souls. In Seattle and Port-
land, Oakland and Los Angeles, many new faces gather
to the meetings, and the hunger for Truth is manifest.
In the Divine Providence, no single assemblies are yet
permitted to become so large and powerful as to attract
strong opposition from the enemies of spiritual progress.
This is of the Mercy of God, protecting I-Iis children and
His Cause until it shall be firmly established in

