BAHAI NEWS 13
spirit of the teachings, and has the approval of
Abdul-Baha. The headquarters of the Society is
1800 Belmont Road, Washingtton, D. C.
Regarding the launching of this Worthy Society,
the following extract from a letter Written by Mizra
Ahmad Sohrab to Mr. Sidney Sprague, Teheran,
Persia, Will be of interest:
55* -It -X- -
Having attended to all preliminary details
and being financially strengthened by Mrs. Barney's
generous donation, We took the next step of print-
ing cards, inviting the friends and public for the
evening of January Sth, to come and listen to the
reading of the Statement, Constitution and By-Laws
prepared by the committee. Then We arranged and
printed a beautiful program interspersed with ad-
dresses, songs, piano solos, reeitations, etc.
"The night, fortunately, was clear and as blue
as the Persian turquoise and the many millions of
stars were shining in yon canopy of God and the
atmosphere was permeated With conviction in the
success of our educational cause. Nearly 300 splen-
did men and Women assembled in the great big
studio; the recently appointed American Minister
to Persia, Mr. Charles Russell, with his daughter,
Was there; the Representative of Persia Was present,
and reporters from all the Wasliington papers Were
also there. The exercises began at 8:30 and ended
at 11:30. The Statement, Constitution and By-
Laws were read and ofiicially adopted, and the ofii-
cers elected by Ia unanimous vote. The Whole
gathering of friends and visitors responded nobly
to the spirit of the movement and the music, the
songs, the address, and Mr. Hannen's poetry made
the people very happy and caused us to realize a
little the importance of that memorable and never-
to~be-forgotten night. 
"Next afternoon I gave a reception in honor of
the newly elected oflicers in the offices. of the So-
ciety and many people came. Many kinds of Per-
sian refreshments were served. 
few days later Mrs. Barney gave a reception
in her magnificent studio on behalf of the ofiicers
of P. A. E. S., in honor of Mr. Russell, the Amer-
ican Minister to Persia, and invited about 150
society people to meet him. It was a brilliant
affair."

