4 BAHAI NEWS
Persian headdress. You feel at once that here is a
master of men and a marvellous spiritual personality.
He seemed to me to focus in a truly divine manner
the spiritual ideal of the coming age. When one
has come in contact with Abdul-Baha's power, or
rather the power behind him, one has no doubt that
this movement will vitally affect the religious and
social evolution of the whole world. At his table I
met pilgrims who had come to receive his blessing
from many parts of the world, and representing al-
most every faith the world knows. Jews, Mohamme-
dans, Hindus, Zoroastrians and Christians sat around
one table, all holding this one great God
has again sent one of his messengers to earth, and
that the great call that was focused in Baha 'Ullah
is the call for the unity of nations, the brotherhood
of man, the peace of the whole world, and the real-
isation of those fundamental truths that lie behind
all faiths. Baha 'Ullah did not say to the Christian,
'Come out of your religious order,' nor did he say to
the Mohammedan 'Turn your back on your faith.'
He said to every man, 'Go and live out your faith in
unity and brotherhood with all mankind, and thus
show that behind all expressions of religion there is
one religion and one God.' 
MESSAGE FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO CHRISTIAN

November 30, 1910.
To the Ed/ito/r of The Christian Commonwealth.
My Dear Friend:--I have received your letter,
for the contents of which I am extremely grateful to
you. I understand the aims of your movement, and
hope that with the greatest spirituality and by the
pursuit of truth, it will succeed in bringing about the
unification of mankind.
Enclosed you will find some of the sayings of Baha
'Ullah: insert them in The Christian Commonwealth.
Be so kind as to accept for yourself and your
honourable society my kindest regards.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
The extracts enclosed from the sayings of Baha 'Ullah illus-
trate the universality of the Bahat outlook. We quote the fol-
lowing:
"Today the universal religion of God, the great
Church of God, is divided into diverse faiths which
are at enmity one with the other. All the powerful

