BAHAI NEWS 5
Blanchard Hall. Mrs. E. B. Kading has recently come from
Nebraska. She has been separated from all believers for
about ten years, but made it her first pleasure here to seek
and find the Bahai friends. The Bahai Revelation is a "live
wi-re," and when the real being of any soul has been once
touched by its vitality, there is truly no rest in separation
from it. This is being proved often by the coming to its
portals of those who have been afar from its outward influ-
ence. Two of our former Greenacre friends were at
the gathering at the Chase home, and they showed as earnest
an interest in the Cause and its teachings as if they had
been associated with it during the years. A number of peo-
ple are becoming interested in the wonderful Message and
are coming again and again to hear its words of comfort and
strength. The prospect for an increased and united Assem-
bly in Los Angeles is excellent.
Thabet.
NEW YORK, N. regular weekly meetings are as fol-
lows: Sunday mornings in Genealogical Hall, 226- XV. 58th
St.; Sunday and Friday afternoons, classes for instruction,
held by Mr. MacNutt, in the Bahai Home, 6 W. 90th St.,
where many are hearing the Message; Friday evenings, the
reading of the Word in Miss Thom-pson's studio, 119 E. 19th
St.; a group meeting in the Bronx, New York City, Sunday even-
ings. In BROOKLYN, Sunday evening meetings in the home of
Mr. Frank Osborne, 1076 Bergen St., and a meeting one
evening during the week in the home of Miss Foote, 547 Han-
cock St. In Newark, N. .T., weekly meetings are held on
Wednesday evenings in the home of Mr. Hooper Harris, 1180
South Broad St. Much interest is being manifested inithese
meetings.
A beautiful Feast was held on the evening of Dec. 31st,
1910, in the Bahai Home, given by Mrs. Hoar of Fanwood,
N. .T., seventy of the believers being present, some even com-
ing very late in order to be there. As in the Feasts given
in Acca. a long table was spread, many precious Tablets were
read, several addresses made, and Mirza Raffle chanted a Tab-
let which he had recently received. The friends reluctantly
parted at a late hour, with "New Year's Greetings" to one
another. Our dear sister, Mrs. Wilhelmina Logic, has charge
of the Bahai Home and is giving her entire time and service
to it. At a meeting of the subscribers the following Bahai
Home Committee was appointed: Mr. W. H. Hoar, chair-
man; Mr. E. B. Kinney, treasurer; Mrs. I. D. Brittingham,
secretary.
For several years some of our New York brothers have been
considering an organization of the men for active service in
the Cause of God, and the communication upon this subject,
by Mr. Remey, in the BAHAI of Aug. 20th, 191_0, focal-
ized this thought, the result of which is the founding of a
"Brotherhood of Baha," which its members hope will spread
both nationally and internationally. It is founded upon the
Word of God, and its aim is harmony, as servants of the
Covenant of God, and collective effort for the uplift of man-
kind.
Mr. Percy Woodcock and family expect to sail for Egypt,
January 7th.
Miss Buckton, our Bahai sister from London, England, will
present to the public during the present month her Mystery
Play, "Eager Heart"* which is a symbolic progress of the
Christ Child every two thousand years. It is dedicated "To
the Glory of God in the Service of Life." 
Isabella D. 
*'l'his play has met with much favor in England.

