10 BAHAI NEWS
it enters the Presence of God in a form which, through-
out all centuries, times and throughout all circum-
stances and events of the World, will remain un-
changed, but Will be everlasting as the perpetuity of
the Kingdom of God, His Sovereignty, His Power and
His Might, and from it will appear the traces of God,
His Qualities, Providences and Favors. The Pen can-
not move at the mentioning of this Station as it is in
its Supremeness and Exaltation!
The hand of the Divine Bounty will cause it to enter
into a Station that cannot be comprehended by ex-
pression, nor be explained by all the creatures of the
existence. Blessing be upon the spirit Who departed
from the body purified from the doubts and supersti-
tions of the nations! Verily, it moves in the atmos-
phere of God's desire and enters into the Supreme Para-
dise All the angels of the Supreme Paradise attend and
surround it, and it will have fellowship with all the
Prophets of God and His saints and speak with them
and tell them what happened to it in the Cause of
God, the Lord of the Universe!
If anyone could realize What hath been assigned for
it in the Kingdom of God, the Lord of the Throne and
the dust. he would immediately yearn with a great
longing for that Unmovable, Exalted, I-Ioly and ABHA
Station!
Services were held at the family residence and
the body laid to rest in Forest Home Cemetery on
Decoration Day, May 30th. Protestants, Catholics
and Bahais, by their presence, paid tribute to this
holy soul who triumphantly completed her 
pilgrimage of a full three-score years and ten.
We feel that our faithful co-worker and be-
reaved family have the love and sympathy of all
the friends. 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
Through his honor Mirza Ahmad, to Mrs. Louise
R. Waite, Chicago, Ill.
HE IS 
thou daughter of the Kingdom.-'
Thy letter was considered. On account of the
lack of time, a brief answer is given.
The Spiritual Assemblies which are organized
for the sake of teaching the Truth, whether as-
semblies for men, assemblies for women or mixed
assemblies, are all accepted and are conducive to
the spreading of the Fragrances of God. This is
essential. Likewise the public meeting in which,
one day during the week, the believers gather, to

