BAHAI 9
There are two interesting English persons here, a
Mr. and Mrs. Atwood, at one time prominent spirit-
ualists in London. As Mr. Atwood is par-
alized, Abdul-Baha went to see them, much to their
great joy. They are now eager to serve the Cause.
There are pilgrims here from Persia, Russia, India
and England, and every night we meet in Abdul-
Baha's house and our cups are filled to overflowing.
His health is good. When Mr. Ellis asked him if
he was benefited by the change of air, he replied:
"Certainly, one who has been a prisoner for forty
years must be benefited to breathe another air." I
thought to myself, can we Bahais realize what those
forty years mean'? The Christians think so much
of the forty days Jesus fasted in the wilderness and
observe a penitential season to commemorate this;
but forty years--for every day a year!
(Signed) SYDNEY SPRAGUE.
NEWS FROM THE ORIENT.

RAivcooN.--We are pleased to acknowledge with_ thanks the
receipt of copies of the booklet in Persian pertaining to the
second convention of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in America, and
we wish to express our deep sense of appreciation of the
valuable service rendered to the Cause. The long list of cit-
ies where these booklets have been sent show conclusively the
wide range of this noble work in the Vineyard of ABHA. We
also tender our sincerest thanks for sending us regularly the
BAHAI of all issues up to this date.
The English language is understood more universally by the
Indian public than any particular Indian dialect, which is
spoken only by the people residing within a certain local area.
Hence, having regard to the countless dialects, the importance
of delivering the Message in English is quite manifest. We
trust this will explain the necessity of American or English-
speaking teachers in India and Burma. A Tablet to this effect
published in No. 11 issue of the BAHAI has been read
by us with great delight and we earnestly hope our Western
Bahai brothers will respond to the call of the hour and ere
long take some practical measures in this direction.
The Cause here is growing day by day. Janabe Syed Mustafa
Roumie has very successfully sown seeds in Upper Burma, which
we hope will fructify before long. The school at Deadnow looks
very promising, and if it can be brought under the excellent
arrangements of the Persian-American Educational Society, many
happy results will undoubtedly ensue and the boys and girls,
when properly trained, will not only prove themselves highly
useful members of the Bahai society, but also become good
citizens, and thus the Movement will be looked upon with favor
by the Government. The number of students is swelling re-
markably, and we are thinking of rebuilding the school prem-
ises, covering a larger area- The sight of the _boys and girls,
their Bahai greetings, and the earnestness with which they
take interest in the Cause, is very impressive. The school, as
it is situated close to the Mashrak-el-Azkar of Kunjangon, has
proved a great attraction to many.

