BAHAI NEVVS 9
Samandar, oneiof the recognized teachers of
the Cause in Persia, is at present in Rasht and is teaching day
and night. The maid-servant of God, Olovyja Khanom from
Mazandran, has also arrived here by the wish of Abdul-Baha
and is teaching the women in their gatherings. Many regular
meetings of the Assembly, conducted during the week, are Well
attended and spiritual. The Occidental has appeared
in this city and its co11te11ts make us realize the power and
greatness of the Cause of 
Occidental has been received by
the Bahais here and they thank God for this wonderful miracle
performed to actually cement the East and West with the
bond of good-will, peace, mutual helpfulness and co-operation.
We desire to know by what manner or means we can assist
in establishing a firm commercial foundation between the friends
of the Occident and the Orient, what kinds of goods and
manufactures can be shipped from America to Persia, and
through what channel we can send money direct.
number of believers in this city has visibly
increased during the past year. There are four organized as-
semblies all working assembly holding one meet-
ing in the week, which all the friends attend in order to meet,
teach and read the holy Words. We have a general Board of
Consultation as well as branches for it established in sur-
rounding towns and villages. In many places a house has
been erected which is used as a Mashrak~el-Azkar, where the
friends congregate to worship; but these' buildings are tem-
porary structures and not built according to the accepted plan
intended for a permanent Mashrak-el-Azkar. The Oriental
Messenger has been received and all the friends are overjoyed
with its contents. Many of our young men are studying Eng-
lish at the American school here.
TEr1nRaN--Two Bahai teachers, Mirza Assadullah Fazel and
Aga Seyad Abdul Hossein, were lately taken prisoners in the
city of Najaf, their property confiscated and their Tablets
appropriated; then a false Tablet was fabricated together with
other false articles and an endeavor made to show that the
Bahais were trying to make trouble between Turkey and
Persia. The Turkish authorities investigated the matter, and
finding no truth whatever in all the false accusations, set the
teachers free and stopped the publication of the newspapers in
which the libelous articles appeared. The members of the
Teheran Assembly some time ago discussed the advisability
of starting a Bahai newspaper, but not wishing to arouse the
antagonism of the ill-wishers, decided to abandon the project
for the time being. Now, all are glad and happy that the
Occidental Messenger has appeared from the "Land of the
Free."
RUSSIA.
meetings are held in this city and all are
well attended by the Persian Bahais, who are spreading the
Message with zeal. The hearts are gladdened through "reading
the first issue of the Occidental Messenger, and the friends
anxiously await the arrival of future issues.
be praised! We are supremely happy to
have lived in this day to see with our own eyes the actual
realization of unity between the East and the West embodied
in the appearance of the Occidental Messenger. The distance
between Chicago and Samarkand, Asia and America "are thou-
sands of miles, and yet the mighty Words of have
united the two continents. lVe hope that this publication will
continue to shed its light upon the world for all the years to
come. Lately, a Spiritual Assembly was organized here. A
school for both boys and girls has also been started, and Mirza
Mohamad Sabet has come to instruct them. We have applied
to the Russian government for permission to buy 1a11d on which
to build a Mashrak-el-Azkar, although at present we have a
fine house where we hold our weekly meetings and where the
school is conducted. God willing, it will be started soon.

