4 BAI-IAI NEWS
recent origin has been rather singular in its kind. The num-
ber of believers is swelling day by day and the new school for
the Bahai boys, which was recently opened by our revere.d
brother Seyad Mustafa Roumie, though in a very primary scale,
is well attended and has caused great zeal among the servants
of God all over India. Also, our brother Aga Seyad Mehdi
Behahani, who, since his return from the holy land of Acca in
October, has been residing in Bombay. has just arrived in
Rangoon and will go to inspect the school, and in all proba-
bility will be placed in charge there to train the boys.
A. S. Ismaeel.
PERSIA.
GAzviN--Two of our spiritual American sisters have arrived
here after a brief visit with Abdul-Baha in Alexandria, en
route. Several of the friends went outside of the city to wel-
come them, and when they arrived at the house of Karim Elahi,
we talked with them, through interpreters, about the spread
of the Cause in America, and from them inhaled the spiritual
fragrances of our western brothers and sisters. At the same
time, several prominent men, who were on their way to visit
Abdul-Baha, arrived from Teheran and joined us in conversing
and feasting with these two dear sisters-.
His honor, Sarmnder, an active teacher and spreader of
truth since his early life and who has been for the past three
months in Rasht, has just returned bringing glorious news of
the progress of the Cause. His honor, Haji Valz, an old and
venerable teacher, according to the decision of the Board of
Consultation, has just left the city to travel in the surrounding
towns and villages to invite the people to the Kingdom of
ABHA and teach the friends its essential principles.
We are expecting the arrival of Mirza Ali Akbar, a young
Bahai brother, to teach English to our children in the school
of "Tavakkal," so that both boys and girls may study that
language and converse and correspond with the friends in the
West.
regret to report that his honor, Fazel Foroughi,
was shot by three persons who called upon him at his home
under pretext of desiring an. interview with him. The gov-
ernment, hearing of this event, placed a guard about the house
and the wounded venerable teacher was removed to the hos-
pital. The outcome of his condition is not yet known.
Occidental Messenge'r* has been received in
this city. Indeed, it is a useful, unique and truly Bahai pub-
lication and we pray to God that year after year, month after
month, it may add to its circulation and salutory influence in
binding together the East and West. We are very anxious to
establish closer commercial relations between America and this
city, and will send rugs, silk cloth, lamb skins, etc., whenever
proper headquarters are provided, and we, in turn, desire to
receive from America, hardware goods, implements, etc. The
Occidental Messenger can aid this endeavor in many ways, for
already its appearance has created a great spirit of search and
activity in various lines.
We have written the oflicers of the Persian-American Edu-
tional Society in Washington, D. (3., expressing our desire to
found a school, to be called "Tarbiat," as a branch of the
school in Teheran. We have a fund to purchase tables and
chairs for the schoolroom, but we need primary books in arith-
metic, geography, history and literature, which cannot be had
here. The Society can help us in the founding of this school
by sending to us the required books. G-holam Hossein Mirza,
who knows English well and has been serving as secretary to
the English Consulate, with his two sons and three of the
friends are ready to found the "school and teach the children.
*Persian Section of the BAHAI Nnws.

