2 
side only made more evident, as one appreciates
the- genial warmth of the fireside most on a
stormy night.
The four days of the Convention were most
unusually the period of a continuous snowstorm,
which had been preceded by balmy days and were
followed by the return of normal spring tem-
perature and sunshine-. For this reason, the meet-
ing at the Temple Grounds, planned for Sunday
afternoon, April 24, was abandoned. It seemed
strange that the date was changed to avoid just
such weather conditions, while in March it was
ideal and springlike. One felt, however, that there
-was a divine wisdom in it, and that for some
reason, it was for the best. Such, indeed, proved
to be the case.
Saturday evening, April 23d, the Feast of Rizwan
was celebrated, in a large cafe downtown. The
very name of this cafe, the "Bon Ami" was reas-
suring and welcoming! Tables were set for about
200, and every available space seemed filled.
Wonderful reunions and meetings were taking
place everywhere, and the Spirit was felt as the
greatest powerful influence. When Bahais meet,
it is as though a family was having a -reunion,
though the Friends may in reality never have
seen each other before.
After some reading of Tablets, a few of those
present delivered brief talks; among them Mr.
Percy Woodcock, Mr. H. Hoar, Mrs. Britting-
ham, Miss Boylan, Mr. Hall and Mr. Hannen.
It was about 11 o'clock when we left, filled with
the Spirit, tired but happy.
Sunday morning, although snowy and cold, the
large hall on the 17th floor of the Masonic Temple
was crowded with delegates an-d the Chicago
friends, as well as a number of visitors. The
meeting was called for 10, but it was near 11
0'clock when it convened, the intervening time
being spent busily in getting acquainted, deliver-
ing greetings, etc. Mr. Mountfort Mills of New
York, was in the chair, and he presided with rare
dignity and sweet grace. The Chicago friends
have a choral society and their singing helped
the spirit of the occasion wonderfully. The pro-
gram was as follows:

