BAHAI NEWS 9
ing the idols of the people of pride and haughti-
ness, filling the air with the atmosphere of sanctity
and holiness. He accepted all kinds of sufferings
and persecutions, and embraced all trials and vicis-
situdes in the service of the Cause of God. Among
the friends and enemies he is a kind lover, with
faithfulness and generosity, and like unto a globe
of fire he is shining betwixt heaven and earth. He
planted the seeds of wisdom and intelligence in the
hearts of his followers, so that the hyacinths and
anemones of affection and harmony grew out of
that land, to bless the world with the fragrances
of servitude. He spread the table of heavenly food
and invited all the people to partake of the sus-
tenance which is sent down on the part of God.
The light shining from his face is a guide for men
and the rain descending from the cloud of his
generosity irrigates the hearts.
Therefore, ye seekers of Truth and ye who
have eaten from this Heavenly Food! Your ex-
cellent letters were read in each assembly of said
servants of God, and at every time that we read
those epistles our hearts were rejoiced and we
asked confirmation and assistance from God on
your behalf. We hope that country will become
like unto a ball of fire and guide all the nations
of the world to the Center of the Covenant. Today
that which is acceptable in the presence of Abdul-
Baha is beauty of character, unity and concord,
faithfulness and purity, love and steadfastness. We
hope that all of us may attain to these heavenly
bounties and be engaged with all might in spread-
ing the fragrances of God, delivering the Word of
God, and promulgating the Cause of God; be oc-
cupied with spirituality and the devotion of inten-
tion to quicken and enkindle the hearts, and be
kind and benevolent to the children of men.
Should the people persecute -us, we must show
kindness.
All the friends in this city send you greeting and
praise.
From your Bahai sister,
Rouhaml.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, November
22, 1909, Washington, D. C.)

