BAHAI NEWS 13
respondence so. that it is practically in continuous
session. Motions and propositions submitted to any
member are forwarded to the president and secretary,
and then by the shortest mail route, are passed to all
the members of the Board who endorse thereon their
judgment, approving or disapproving, and upon con-
currence duly ascertained, the matter is entered on
the minutes and becomes the action of the Board.
Thus far, all matters have been determined unani-
mously, and notwithstanding' that many vexatious
questions have come before the Board, we have always
reached united action.
Four meetings of the Board during the year have
been attended by a quorum thereof. has been
done at considerable sacrifice and expense to the mem-
bers, Mrs. Goodall traveling from San Francisco, Mrs.
Parmerton from Cincinnati, Mr. Hall from Minneapolis
and Mr. Jacobsen from Kenosha.
The injunction to begin no building operations until
the site has been fully paid for has been accepted as
the settled policy of the Board and all efforts will be
addressed to the speedy payment of the purchase price
and the securing of the site and safeguarding it from
surroundings that would blemish it.
Hereafter, the BAI-IAI Nnws, will be the organ of
communication and all friends may look therein for
regular and periodic information.
BERNARD M. JACOBSEN, Secretary.
On motion of Miss Boylan, duly seconded by
Mr. Ober, and unanimously carried, the report of
the Secretary of the Executive Board of Baliai
Temple Unity was accepted and it was requested
that it should be placed on file.
The following Tablets were read by Mr. Hannen:
To his honor Aineen,* Teheran. Upon him be BAHA-
I
HE IS 
thou spiritual Ameen!
In all the world of creation all the existent beings
are in the utmost connection. Through this connection,
mutual helpfulness and co-operation is I'68.llZ6d: This
mutual helpfulness and co-operation is the origin of
the conservation of the forces of life. If for one instant
this mutual helpfulness and co-operation were cut off
from the sources and realities of things, all the existent
beings and things would be thrown into confusion and
chaos and be reduced to nothingness and annihilation-.
For instance, from the breath of the animals a watery
element, called hydrogen, and carbon is exhaled and
this is the life principle of the vegetable kingdom.
From the vegetable kingdom and the trees, a fiery
element, called oxygen, is emitted and this becomes
the cause of the maintenance of the life of the animal
kingdom. In such a manner, mutual helpfulness and
co-operation is realized continually between all the
existent beings. Likewise, the greatest inter-relation
*One of the venerable teachers of the East.

