6 BAHAI NEWS
others. On account of his open teaching, he was
taken by the authorities of Teheran and thrown into
prison with the renowned Mirza Abul-Fazl and
eleven other prominent Bah-ais. After a year and
a half in prison, suffering untold 
recital of which is pathetic and soul-stirring--he
and others were set free. About this time, Mirza
has been in America--and his fam-
ily were preparing to leave Teheran for Acca, and
Seyad Assadollah Gomi volunteered to go with them.
Arriving at their destination, Seyad Assadollah
begged to remain in His service, and
for many years he Was in turn a gardener in the
Rizwan and a teacher to the Bahai children in the
Holy Land.
When departed from this life, for
nine months Seyad Assadollah was instructed by
Abdul-Ba-ha in the art of teaching the Truth; after
which he sent him to Persia to spread the Cause.
Again he was apprehended in one of the remote cities
of Persia, and with chains on his neck, hands and
feet, was brought to Teheran to be judged. The
Prime Minister, after investigation and finding him
innocent, liberated him. At this time Abdul-Baha
revealed to him some very glorious Tablets.
It was about the year 1900 that our editor, Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, had the privilege of traveling With
him through southern Persia, India and finally to
Acca, and who testifies of Seyad Assadollah's gen-
tleness, firmness, nobility of spirit and loftiness of
mind.
NEWS NOTES.
The oflicers and chairmen of the Woman's Assembly of Teach-
ing of Chicago, are all Working earnestly and with marked
effect. The letters received by the Corresponding Secretary,
from the maid-servants of the different assemblies in the Orient,
have been most interesting, telling of their organized work in
that country and of their joy at hearing so often from their
Western sisters. The 19-day Board meetings and 19-day Teas
are held regularly each month. Mrs. Charles H. Greenleaf has
returned to Chicago and is now Chairman of the Visiting Com-
mittee, Miss Arna True and Miss Alma Albertson being her
assistants. Miss Mary Lesch is a new member of the Board,
serving as its present Treasurer. The Young Peop1e's Society
was recently delightfully entertained at the home of Mrs.
Corinne True. The Sunday School, under the supervision of
Mrs. Foster, assisted byi Mrs. Brush, is gaining steadily in
numbers. Louise R. Waite, Cor, Sec'y.
Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Dahl are now at 554 Duquesne Avenue,
Edgewood Park, Pittsburg, Pa., and will be pleased to greet
friends passing through that city.

