BAHAI NEX-VS 7
self When he arrives. The first thing that he did
When he arrived in Alexandria was to take a house,
and all the friends from far and near flocked around
him. He does not Want your houses and palaces,
but your hearts. Prepare your hearts, purify your
hearts, cleanse your hearts, that he may find a place
therein!
The life of Abdul-Baha is simple; his attitude is
humble; his needs are very few. You think that if
he should come to America you must have a house
prepared and surround him with luxuries of modern
civilization. Far from it! 'With love, unity and
harmony, shining like stars of heaven in your midst,
a little cottage is greater than the imperial palace
of the kings. All through his life his sole purpose
and aim has been to spread the fragrances of God,
to serve the Kingdom of ABIEIA, and to sacrifice him-
self for the good of the World. He has done all
these; nay, rather, his services to man cannot be
measured by any criterion. His life, like unto a
tempestuous sea, is ever in motion, casting pearls
of significance and truth upon its shore. Humanity
owes to him a debt that can never be paid with
money or gratitude. Notwithstanding all he has
done for the World, hearken to What he says in a
recent Tablet:
"The invisible has opened the doors, arid wis-
dom requires that Abdul-Baha hasten to the coimtry
of Egypt; for he is infinitely ashamed and chagrihed
that he has not yet been assisted servitude. Per-
oharzee, through traveling in this Zaiid, he>>/niay be
assisted in the future to some small service. ow
we are living in the coimtry of arid are sap-
plicatirig day and night at the Threshold of Merci-
and beg eon_fir~matioai and assistance for the
friends of G-od, so that all of as may participate
and become partners in the ser/uitade of the Holy
Threshold and be aided accomplishing one sero-
ice." (Signed) YAZDI.
FROM: MR. SYDNEY SPRAGUE.
At present, I am in Alexandria with Abdul-Baha,
Who has given me many supplications from America
to translate; also Mrs. Ford's new book, "The Ori--
ental Rose," which I am translating with Mirza
Mahmud of India. The book is finely Written and
ought to be of great help in attracting people to the
Cause. I notice Mrs. Ford gives the number of ori-

