BAHAI NEWS 11
new believers in a village called Koon-Jan-Ghone,
near Rangoon, where our two American brothers
reached. God has conferred great benefits upon
them. The villagers were so unkind to each other
that they did not give each other their things of
trifling value; but now they are free from such
things. This is from the power of the Word of
God.
Though we live in separate countries, your love
comes to us, passing through oceans and mountains
which separate us from you. In our Mandalay
there are about one hundred and fifty beloved ones
who are weaker in knowledge and man-
ners and things than you, but same in spirit, soul
and belief. Today many paths are ope-ned. I do
not know why it is that Koon-Jan-Ghone has more
believers than Mandalay, for the inhabitants of
Mandalay know more Koran and many accounts of
their religion than those of Koon-Jan-Ghone.
Though we are weak and negligent, God is power-
ful and kind and Healer of all sufierings! Abdul-
Baha is walking in the work of Servitude and he
is our Guide, Example and Master, and his com-
mands are the swift healing antidote.
Our country is so small and weak that no one
ventures to make investigation of our religion,
though we announce the teachings and publish
them. Abdul-Baha is the King of Servitude over
the whole world, striving to unite all the difierent
peoples and let them enjoy peace and tranquillity
of Paradise. Through the power of Baha all the
problems of the world are to be solved, overcom-
ing all the difiiculties. We are all getting and
keeping good health and doing the duty which all
the ancient Prophets desired to do and prayed to
God to meet with these days of blessing. He is the
Ocean of oceans which can never be emptied, and
from this Ocean great quantities of water are
conducted by rivers which make the countries fer-
tile when they receive it. We were pleased to re-
ceive such clear Water and are giving it to all
thirsty ones who come and receive it.
Give our love and greetings to all the beloved
Of G?d~ In His Holy Name,
Ba Kg/a-

