14 BAHAI NEYVS
t1ons_p-ertaining to the work of the Holy Cause. In
practically every case his reply was that the friends
should consult together and that that which they
agreed upon in all joy and fragrance would be pleas-
ing and acceptable to and that whatever should
be thus decided after consultation and deliberation is
the course to be pursued in carrying on the work of
the Holy Cause.
In telling Abdul-Baha of the work in the various
cities in which the friends were united in consultation
and works, he was greatly pleased and showed evident
satisfaction. In practically every conversation which
we had with Abdul-Baha he gave us a lesson upon
consultation and working together--*sometimes told in
one way and sometimes told in another.
During our travels of last summer Mr. Struven and
I found that some of the friends interpreted the
instructions of Abdul--Baha to mean that the time
has not yet arrived for meetings of consultation in
the various assemblies, nor for system in carrying on
the work (that is to say, organization).
'Nhile with Abdul-Baha we learned that he had
told others (as well as ourselves) that now is not the
time for establishing The House of Justice according
to The Book of Akdas. However, from his many
talks he left no doubt in our minds that he wished
the believers to unite, consult, organize and work
together.
Personally I can see that united effort in the Bahai
Work is the crying need of this day. The real work
is now not being carried on by separate individuals
but by those who are casting aside individualism and
are adhering to the principles of Unity in thought,
spirit and action. This is the principle of the spiritual
growth and strength of the Holy Cause which Abdul-
Baha made so very clear to us.
It is almost needless to mention that Mr. Struven
and I, in our round of visits, noticed that in those
centers where the friends were united in consultation
and in harmonious work and service, that there the
Cause was manifestly strong and vigorous, while in
those centers where -the friends were not working
along systematic lines the fruits of the Work were
not so evident.
Some copies of the BAI-IAI were reaching the
Orient. while we were there. Everywhere the friends
were pleased with this effort. During our travels Mr.
Struven and I felt much the need of such an organ
which would strengthen the ties of Unity between the
East and the West.
About three years ago Abdul-Baha told me_to pub-
lish, semi-annually, a bulletin in both Persian and
English, at the same time instructing that the matter
to be published should first be sent to him to be
approved. Accordingly, the manuscript for the first
issue was sent to him, and after an interval of three
or four months the matter for the second issue _W-as
also forwarded. Nothing was ever heard from either
package. There was much correspondence from my
end of the line, but all to no avail for there Were no
traces to follow up.

