 A A I 3
Talk N0. 1--Haifa, May 10, 1910.
Concerning the death of King Edward of Eng~
land, Abdul~Baha said: "The English king, with
his pomp and grandeur, used to address the sun
and say: 'Thou dost never disappear from my
lands' but now he is buried under the
earth. Some time ago the flags at the top of the
masts proclaimed the day of his ascension to the
throne; but today the flags are at half-mast, for
he is dead. The flags and banners of the Beloved
are ever Waving at the top of the masts; they
are never inverted; nay, rather, they go on higher
day by day; in fact, theirs is the sovereignty.
Without fighting forces they conquer the cities;
and without taking any tribute they bestow and
give freely. The kings gain their victory through
bloodshed and the taking of life; whereas the
Beloved of God confer life and are victorious.
The sovereignty of the friends is an eternal one."
Concerning the trials and hardships, ordeals
and oppressions which befel1- the beloved of God
in Persia, Abdul-Baha said: "In America the peo-
ple shall also thus serve you a little; they shall not
permit you to escape and you cannot get rid of
them."
We spoke about the inhabitants of Honolulu;
that many nationalities are there represented and
yet all are in great harmony. Abdul-Baha said:
"Time and place play a great influence over the
conditions; when in a certain place some strangers
meet, necessity requires that they should be in
harmony; but our purpose is this, that the divine
unity and concord may become well established
among all the nations, so that they may become
as one spirit in different bodies; the drops of one
ocean; the fruits of one tree and the rays of the
same sun. In America, when the different people
united together they were enabled to drive away
the English government and establish a new gov-
ernment for themselves. Consider how great is
the result of unity and harmony! There has
never been any action performd nor any philan-
thropic deed achieved except through unity and
concord; disagreement and dissension have always
been the means of evil and corruption."

