BAHAI NEWS 9
Christianity and Mohammedanism, explaining the
division and difference wrought by the religious or-
ders, giving the seven points of similarity in
the teachings of the Founders of these religions, 
quoting from their Books prophecies of the coming
of the Universal Manifestation, the appearance
of whereby the prophecies of the seven
great religions are fulfilled, quotations from
the Writings of and Abdul-Baha to
corroborate the above statements for the establish-
ment of the Universal Bahai Religion; (3) news
pertaining to the sojourn of Abdul-Baha in Egypt.
We are pleased to reprint the following notice and
editorial from a Teheran, Persia, newspaper, telling
of the good works of Dr. Susan I. Moody, believing
it will interest all the friends:
TEHERAN NEWSPAPER NOTICE.
DOCTOR only does she know
medicine, but also gynecology, obstetrics and women's diseases.
Her good qualities" and kind attributes, her love for her Persian
oriental sisters, are all equal. Every day from morning till
noon she is in her oflice, No. 10 Avenue Aladauleh, receiving
her patients for consultation, examination and treatment, ex--
cepting Friday and Sunday afternoons, when shegoes to the
Hospital Sehat (Hospital of Health), where she meets the
patients of the higher and wealthier class.
EDITORIAL.
We give the utmost thanks and gratitude to such a noble
woman, to such a respected. person, whose presence here is a
great privilege to the country of Persia. On account of the
great care of this blessed person, the sick of all nationalities,
moslems, et al., become healthy and well. We beg of God to
keep this blessed and respected person with us.
 _i1
NEWS NOTES.
Additional copies of circular and card pertaining to the
collating of books for the Orient, recently distributed by the
Persian-American Educational Society through the BAHAI 
can be obtained by addressing Mrs. Claudia S. Coles,
310 The Burlington, Washington, D. C.
In a recent issue of the the statement was
made that regular meetings of the Ithaca, N. Y., Assembly had
been inaugurated and that the first meeting was held Oct. 21st.
We should have added that Mr. and Mrs. George S. Hopper,
now of Washington, D. C., were for many years faithful work-
ers in the Cause in Ithaca and meetings were held at their
home regularly.
Recognizing the need of more co-operation and fellowship
among the men-servants in the Cause, nineteen men of the
New York City Assembly have formed what is known as the
"Brotherhood of Baha." A meeting was held at their head-
quarters, 6 West 90th Street, Monday evening, November 28th,
to which all the men were invited and the principles of the
Brotherhood set forth.

