BAHAI NEVVS 5
account of some internal disturbances along
the route from Bushire to Shiraz, the mail containing the
first issue of the Occidental Messenger has not yet been
received, but We are exceedingly glad that such a Bahai publi-
cation has been started and we are anxious to receive it.
An article on the Bahai Revelation, appearing in the
Baltimore American of July 31st, has been received by the
friends in this city. Although our hearts are made happy, yet
We are grieved on account of some flagrant misrepresenta-
tions made therein. We hope the Western believers will en-
deavor to correct similar mistakes Whenever or wherever such
slaughtering of Truth is made. We are indeed much surprised
to read such erroneous representations in a leading newspaper
incorporating the name "America" on its title page, for
America, to us, is synonymous with freedom, truthfulness and
honesty.
TABnrz.--The Cause is growing in this city and the believers
are Working faithfully to spread the Fragrances. During the
past month We have been greatly assisted and blessed through
the presence of two renowned teachers: Mirza Hossein Zanjan
and Mirza Golam Hossein. Also, Mirza Ali Akbar of Nakjevan,
a merchant of Bakou and an eloquent teacher, is with us
temporarily. Every day extra meetings are held. It is a great
privilege to live in this age and behold the Kingdom of Peace
and Brotherhood established in the hearts of men.
We are anxious to establish commercial relations with
America, and as we buy a great deal from Europe through
catalogs, we will be thankful for catalogs of various goods
manufactured in America if the friends there will be kind
enough to send them to us.
last issue of the Occidental Messenger has just
been received and distributed among the friends. It is read
and re-read in o11r meetings, and We pray to God that it may
continue and increase its activity and usefulness in the world
from day to day. We send congratulations to its editors.
RUSSIA.
few days ago our eyes were brightened by the
rays of the Occidental Messenger, which appeared from far off
America; our love and aifection for our Western brothers and
sisters was increased an hundred fold through its loving and
spiritual expressions. and we thanked God that they had arisen
to serve the Cause in such a glorious manner. We in the East
are deprived of the privilege of rendering such service, for the
political laws restrict the freedom of the press; but We are
not sad thereby. for if the Western Bahais are assisted to serve
the Cause in this befitting manner, we also share in its glory
and honor, as We are all one.
 
NEVVS FROM THE OCCIDENT.
BUFFALO, N. Y.--Greetings from the Bahais to the "Friends"
in every land. Our meetings are held on Sunday and Thursday
evenings at 494 Elwood Avenue. Henrzetta F. Malls.
CHICAGO, annual report of the Sick Committee, of
which Mrs. Christine Loeding is Chairman, shows that forty-
one visits were made to the sick in hospitals and fifty-three in
homes.
Mr. Charles Schefiler left Chicago, Nov. 14th, for Germany
and expects to return in January. Ida M. Brush.
MONTCLAIR, N. .--Miss Alice Buckton, of London, England,
and Mr. Percy F. Woodcock, of New York, visited. the friends
Oct. 30th. About thirty seekers for Truth gathered at the
home of Mr. Charles E. Edsall, to hear them tell of the Reve-
lation of Those present received with enthusiasm
Miss Buckton's description of her recent. visit to Acca, as well
as the teachings given by Mr. Woodcock. Lenora W. Edsall.

