BAHAINEWS 1
LETTER TO THE UNITY BAND FROM YAZD,
PERSIA.
In the Name of our Lord, the Holy, the Abha!
ye leaves of the Tree of the Kingdom and fruits
of the Garden of the Almighty! Upon ye be
Baha, and the praise of the people of the world!
The blessed letter which was written by those
friends reached us like the nightingale of the city
of love, and it imparted to us the news of the
happiness and prosperity of those attracted leaves.
It imparted a new life to this yearning one and
gave inexhaustible pleasure and happiness. It is
hoped from the outpouring of this cycle of the
Covenant which is shining upon the world, that a
day may come when we may meet each other, and
the door of going and coming between the two
continents become opened. Verily, this is not im-
possible for God.
ye thankful birds! ye nightingales of the
Rose-Garden of Forgiveness! ye who are in-
toxicated with the wine of the Day of Manifesta-
tion and the period of Resurrection and Revival!
'Tis the time of happiness and rejoicing and the
period of attraction and enkindlement. The feast
of delight and spiritual beatitiide is spread. The
orchards of significances are adorned with the
flowers and hyacinths of praise. From the gather-
ings the wonderful melodies of thanksgivings are
raised to the Heaven of Might. The cup-bearers
of Generosity are going around, giving the Wine of
Love, and the people are intoxicated thereby. With
the power of the Greatest Name, the friends of God
are captivating the hearts of the people of the
world, and through the soul-ravishing songs and
lyre of Divine Love and celestial harmony, the
hearts are attracted toward the countenance of the
Beloved. The people of faithfulness are serving His
Highness the Incomparable One, and the friends
of righteousness, with wisdom and assurance, are
engaged in every part to praise and thank Him.
The torches of guidance are lighted and the lan-
terns of truth dispense rays of beneficence and
spiritual direction. The stars of Providence are
shining and the lights of the Orb of Reality are

