10 BAHAI NEYVS
Charles Mason Remey addressed the regular
meeting of the New York City Assembly, held in
Genealogical Hall, Sunday, Aug. 21st, giving a
very interesting account of his extensive travels
.and experiences with the Bahais in the New Holy
City (Acca and Haifa, Syria) and in Turkey gen-
erally, and in India, Persia, Russia and Europe.
In the evening both he and Miss Juliet Thomp-
son, to whom he is engaged, were present and
took part in an interesting and largely attended
meeting at the residence of Mr. Arthur P. Dodge.
Mr. T. D. Fuller, of Chicago, was also present at
these meetings. Mrs. Eva Webster Russell, also
of Chicago, has been a most welcome visitor dur-
ing the summer, reading to the friends the letters
of Doctor Moody from Teheran, Persia. A. P. D.
Miss Georgiana Dean is now in Fairhope, Ala.,
ministering to the needs of Mrs. Paul K. Dealy,
who is afflicted with blindness. She writes: "Mrs.
Dealy suffers a great deal, yet she gives The Mes-
sage to all she can. Her face shines with the
light of God."
Mirza. Ali Kuli Khan has arrived in Washington,
D. C., and presented his credentials to the State
Department in the capacity of Charge d'Affaires
from Persia, but will leave in a few days for the
West to bring back his family who are now in
California.
Mr. Remey has recently visited Hudson, Johns-
ton, Utica, Clinton, Ithaca, Pomery and Cazenovia,
N. Y., accomplishing much good for the propa-
ganda, unification and solidarity of the Cause of
God in these centres.
CONVERSATIONAL PERSIAN TAUGHT BY
CORRESPONDENCE.
he Bahai Correspondence School teaches Persian
by _s1mple_ lessons and phonographic records. Each
pupil receives all necessary individual help and atten-
tion through a system of written lessons and criti-
cisms. No Persian written characters are used; the
English letters only are employed and pronunciations
expressed in English characters. Many are taking
advantage of this system, both in Europe and in
America.
For particulars address MIRZA S. M. RAFFIE,
S. B., 729 Livingston Hall. Columbia University, New
York City, U. S. A. 

