16 BAHAI NEWS
gave the Message very effectively, and Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab spoke.
Cm May 23rd, the Anniversary of the Declaration
of the Bab was celebrated. To a large audience
formed in a semi-circle around the Hall, Dr. Ameen
Ullah Fareed gave details of the transfer of the
body of the blessed Bab from its temporary resting-
place in Persia to the tomb on Mount Carmel. 
present were deeply impressed with the spirit and
power of this historic incident, in which Mirza
Assad Ullah and Dr. Fareed were participants,
sharing with Abdul-Baha the knowledge of the
secret resting-place of the body.
The Unity Feast of June 5th, was set aside as
onein which the colored believers joined. It was
held at the Washington Conservatory of Music, and
the attendance was most gratifying, between 75 and
100 being present. A number of these were stran-
gers, showing the growing interest. At this meet-
ing Farajullah Khan was present and addressed the
friends, being given the Anna Greeting by the
entire audience. A most interesting program was
followed by refreshments, and many hearts were
touched by the Glad-tidings of the Kingdom.
The Sunday-school meetings will continue
through June. It has been our good fortune to
meet a number of the friends who were visiting
here, during the season, on Sunday mornings, and
this, with the bible study, has enabled us to fill
these Sunday morning meetings with a great spirit-
ual uplift.
The regular meetings on Friday evenings, at
8:15, will be held during the "summer, at the Gareis-
sen Studio, 1219 Connecticut Avenue.
Mrs. Getsinger is visiting in New York, and Dr.
Fareed is in Atlantic City. Some of the friends
are leaving for their summer homes or stopping-
places. A nucleus always remains to continue the
work at home.
The Acca notes of Mrs. Finch, Misses Fanny and
Alma Knobloch, will soon be issued in attractive
booklet form.
The address of the Assembly and individual mem-
bers is Post Office Box 192. The Bahai Hospice is
located at 214 Street, South East, the resi-
dence of Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Ripley.
Joseph H. Hcmnen.

