BAHAI NEWS 9
A2-kar in America; the other is the necessity of
teachers arising to go to India, Persia and Japan.
Concerning the first matter, moneys should be sent
to the Financial Secretary of the Baliai Temple
Unity, Mrs. Corinne True, 5338 Kenmore Ave,
Chicago, 111., as early as possible; concerning the
latter, Mr. Howard MacNutt, 935 Eastern Parkway,
Brooklyn, N. Y., will answer any inquiries and
accept suggestions from or arrange plans with those
who feel they can undertake this service in the
Cause, in accord with the Wishes of Abdul-Baha
as expressed in the following Tablet:
To his honor, Mr. MacNutt--Upon him be 
El-Astra.
HE is eon!
0 thou herald of the True Ono!
His honor, Mr. Remey, is traveling in India and has cre-
ated wonderful interest among the people. Truly I say, in
these days, India is awakened to a greater receptive capacity.
The letter of Mr. Remey is enclosed. Consider how India has
attained to receptivity. If several teachers from America
travel to those parts it is certain that the Lights of the
Kingdom shall illumine that region and many souls will be
raised from among the Hindus and become the Army of
Heaven. and through the power of the Word of God and the
outpouring of the cloud of the Love of God. they will make
India a rose-garden. Encourage and urge a few souls to take
a trip to India so that they may fully realize that the doors
of the Kingdom are opened, behold the uninterrupted con-
firmations of His Highness and unfurl a banner
waving forever and ever with the breezes of Divine Confirma-
tion and Assistance. Give this matter your most earnest con-
sideration, for it is the most irnportaiit problem of all prob-
lems concerning the Cause. We have also written to Persia
to send a teacher to that country, but if several souls go
from America it will have greater influence and weight and
far-reaching results will become apparent and manifest.
Upon -tliee be the Glory of the Most Glorious!
(Sin ed) ABDUL-BAIIA A.BBA.S-
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 17, 1910.)
If you feel the "call" of the Spirit to serve either or
both of these needs in the Vineyard of 
we would suggest you respond at o_nce._ "Delay
not!" Through quick decision and action it may be
possible to send a representative to the Congress of
Religions to be held in Calcutta in January as sug-
gested by the following extract from a letter recent-
ly received by Mr. Chas. Mason Reiney:
The Bahai Assembly of Rangoon has just received a letter
from the House of Spirituality in Chicago, U. S. .A., to the
effect that no American can be sent as a Bahai delegate at the
Conference of Religions to be held in Calcutta in January next;
As the meeting in this conference will be solely conducted in
English. I ask your leave to suggest that the presence of an
Aniericaii or a European Baliai in this Assembly would be ex-

