BAHAINEVVS 11
Bahais, there was no necessity for another Mosque,
so upon the old site and with some of the old materials
a building was put up which now serves as a place of
assembly. Here visiting teachers lecture and receive
Truthseekers. Near this building is a rest house for
the accommodation of wayfarers, and not far from
either the friends have recently built a Mashrak-el-
Agkar, a_simple building of teak wood timbers covered
with an iron roof, with projecting eaves to shelter the
sides of the building from the sun's rays. Here we
Were lodged.
Our own preparations for the expedition were but sec-
ondary to those of the Kungyangoon friends. They
had put up several temporary buildings for our accom-
modation. A kitchen, a bathroom and finally, to
accommodate the crowd, the space between the Mash-
ra_k-el-Azkar and the assembly house was roofed over
with bamboo poles and thatched with palm leaves and
rice straw, thus affording in all shelter for several
hundred people.
During the ride thro the jungle we were greeted by
many an "Allaho'A.BHAl" from men, women and chil-
dren, who came out of their thatched huts as we
passed. As soon as we reached the settlement the
friends began to arrive from all directions. As the
night fell, stakes were driven into the ground about
the temporary shelter, and torches were attached
thereto. It was very impressive as we :'z.11 sat there in
the flickering torch light. Seyyed Mustapha Roemi
spoke to these believers in their own language, and
translated for them our messages of love and greeting
from the Bahais of the West.
Our going to Kungyangoon was indeed a visitation.
It reminded one of an old-fashioned camp meeting.
The believers came from distances bringing with them
whole families of children. One proud father explained
to us, thro very expressive gestures, that he had ten
children, all of whom were Bahais. There were other
families of four generations, all of the Faith. These
simple people have, with all their -souls, accepted the
Message, and tho uncivilized they are aflame with the
Spirit of the Kingdom. Many of the men wore but-a
simple piece of cloth about the. middle of the body,
while the children were even more scantily clad, some
clothed only with jewelry.
Seyyed Mustapha Roemi is a most versatile speaker,
having a knowledge of many languages. During the
meetings at Kungyangoon he was kept busy speaking
from early dawn to late at night. New people were ar-
riving every hour, both Moslems and Buddhists. 
their families they arranged themselves on mars on the
floor in the assembly shelter, where jars of drinking
water were placed about for their refreshment. There
they would remain for hours at a time, hoth asking
questions and listening attentively to their answers.
As night fell the children were put to bed there
where they sat, without any interruption to the meet-
ing. At a late hour the meeting would be adjourned
until the following morning shortly after sunrise, when
(Continued on page 17.)

