BAI-IAI NEWS 13
Two feasts have been given at Dr. Fisher's at-
tractive studio in Trentishoe Mansions. As the
believers are scattered, these Feasts have been
largely attended in t-he afternoon. At these gath-
erings Bahais have come from Eastborne, Surrey,
Hornsey and Essex. Many were able to avail them-
selves of this meeting by holding it on a week
day. Dr. Fisher has also been giving a series of
lectures on the "Seven Valleys" Friday evenings.
These were interrupted by his recent visit to
America. We are to have the next Feast at his
studio, where it is hoped many will gather to wel-
come Dr. Fisher back to London.
We are grateful to Mrs. Brittingham, Mrs. Bar-
nard and Mr. Wilhelm, of New York City, for litera-
ture as well as personal letters which have been
read to the Assembly from time to time.
Khosroe Bohman, from Burmah, is visiting the
London Assembly. He tells us the growth of unity
is rapidly spreading through the Bahai Cause. His
beautiful expositions of Truth are picturesque and
impressive. He speaks English understandingly.
The Assembly is splendidly harmonious and
growing healthily. C. B.
NEVV YORK CITY.
The New York Assembly has been greatly favored
by the presence of and beautiful talks from our
Bahai brother Mons. Hippolyte Dreyfus of Paris,
France.
Mr. Kinney has gone out of the city, with his
family, for the summer, and the Sunday evening
meetings, which were held in his studio, will be
held, instead, in the home of other believers. Miss
Philips, in whose studio some beautiful occasional
meetings have been held throughout the winter, has
also gone out of New York for the summer. The
Wednesday evening meeting for Bible instruction
in the studio of Mrs. Gannett, "The Chelsea," 222
West 23rd St., is yet open; also the regular Friday
evening meetings held in Miss Thompson's studio,
119 East 19th St.
The Genealogical Hall meetings (226 West 58th
held every Sunday morning, have hitherto
been closed during July and August, but during the
present summer will be regularly continued there.
On June 5th the nineteen day Feast was held in

