6 BAHAI NEWS
East and the West, and has clearly detailed the
policies and aims which must be followed in order
that it may become a fitting servant in the world.
To make the Association firm and permanent, as
Abdul-Baha desires, we need the active and ener-
getic co-operation of all true lovers of progress, of
humanity, of all the friends of truth and philan-
thropists. May we all become assisted to perform
this command, and make this Society a Society of
the Union of the Realm of Man!
Regarding the suggestion of Abdul-Baha to
change the name of the Society, it is the concensus
of opinion that the Oriental-Occidental Interdepen-
dence Society is the name to adopt. Naturally, the
present Constitution will be changed a great deal,
and it will take a little time before everything is
arranged ofiicially.
Already a branch Society has been formed in
Chicago, and it is earnestly desired that other
cities will follow with similar action. Particularly
in New York the movement requires recognition
and co-operation. Persia has done more than her
share for the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Chicago, and
for this sacrifice, made at a critical moment, no
more fitting recognition could be made than by
liberal contributions toward the cause of education
within her borders.
In a letter recently received, Mr. Sprague states
that the news of the formation of the Society has
greatly cheered our brothers in Persia, who are
proceeding to form a local Executive Committee in
Teheran which, with the Executive Committee
here, will administer the affairs -of the body. They
naturally expect a large number of scholarships,
and must not be disappointed.
Dr. Moody writes from Teheran, April 27, 1910,
that "On the first day of Rizwan, three meetings
were held in various gardens and about six hun-
dred' tomans ($600) were collected to found the
school for girls. This is a great sum for these
times, and shows how eager the people are to
progress}? She adds: "They have been much
stimulated by the loving work hope the interest there continues to be of
a practical turn. There is great necessity and
also a high sense of honor in regard to the love

