BAHAI NEWS 3
joy and happiness of the beloved, together with a
request for my presence in America.
Abdul-Baha is like the nightingale. The nightin-
gale soars to the rose-garden. Should you desire my
presence there, you must make America a rose-
garden. That is to say, you must make that country
well adorned with every rose of spiritual qualities
and human attributes. Then certainly, God, the
Generous, will reward you greatly, and, perchance,
this Nightingale will then fly to that rose-garden.
Thou hast written of thy new house wherein thou
hast prepared a place for the travelers of the East
and West. This is very acceptable.
Now the beloved must strive to make America a
rose-garden. Then your desire will be realized.
thou dear maid-servant of God! Thou art ever
in mind and present before me. I hope, through the
bounty and 'oestowal of God, that thy dear son may
be blessed and become dearlin both worlds.
Upon thee be 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Dr. Fareed, December 8, 1910.
 
NEYVS FROM THE O-OCIDENT.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
Bosron, MAss.--This Assembly was brought very near to the
Spirit of Abdul-Baha a few Sundays ago, when Miss Alice M.
Buckton of London, England, visited us and addressed the meet-
ing. Mrs. Buckton was in Acca a few months ago for a fort-
night. She has come forth from that Rose-garden carrying the
choicest flowers which are lovingly shared with all. His bene-
diction upon her is felt everywhere she goes.
Mr. Stanwood Cobb of the Washington (D. C.) Assembly, has
been with us twice during the holiday season and has brought
us inspiration and the Spirit of the Washington Assembly. Miss
Ella Robarts, from New York, was also in Boston for a Sunday
and added her Bahai spirit toyour little group. These glimpses
we have from other Assemblies from time to time are a source
of great joy and thanksgiving.
Greeting and love to all of the believers everywhere, and our
earnest prayer is that through our unity, love and harmony, we
may make "straight and right the way" that Abdul-Baha may
be with us at the Chicago Convention, and that that visit may
witness the laying of the cornerstone of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
Evidences of "awakenings" are apparent on all sides.
Grace Robarts.
CHICAGO, Charles H. Greenleaf has been conducting
the Sunday meetings during his month's stay in town.
Mr. Charles Schefller has returned from a few weeks' visit to
Germany.
The last nineteen-day tea of the Woman's Assembly of Teach-

