BAHAI NEWS 11
be engaged in the commemoration of God, to read
communes and deliver effective speeches, is ac-
ceptable and beloved. But now it is utterly im-
possible to establish the House of Justice, which
is mentioned in the Book of Akdas; nay, rather,
it is impracticable and not to be thought of. That
is for the time when the Cause is proclaimed and
the Commands of God have become effective.
Therefore, now is not the time for the House of
Justice, which must be established by general elec-
tion. Its mention is not permissible and its real-
ization impossible.
Endeavor ye as much as possible that difierences
may not arise in the affairs; let not every in-
significant matter become the cause of disagree-
ment. If such a condition exists, the end will be
complete dispersion.
The believers and the maid-servants of the Mer-
ciful must all consider how to produce harmony,
so that the unity of the human world may be real-
ized; not that every wholly unimportant subject
become conducive to differences of opinion. It is
my hope that the friends and maid-servants of
America become united on all subjects and not
disagree at all, for disagreement destroys the foun-
dation of the Cause of God. If they agree upon a
subject, even though it be wrong, it is better than
to disagree and be in the right. For this differ-
ence will produce demolition of the Divine foun-
dation. Though one of the parties may be in the
right and they disagree, that will be the cause of a
thousand wrongs; but if they agree and both
parties are in the wrong, as it is unity, the truth
will be revealed and the wrong made right.
Upon thee be Baha El-Anna!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Assas.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Washing-
ton, D. C., April 20, 1910.)

Mrs. Marie A. Watson is now in New York City.
Mr. John I-1. Wilcott and his mother, formerly
of Kenosha, VVis., are now settled on a claim at
Kendall, Mont, and expect to be located there for
the coming fourteen months. They would appre-
ciate letters from the friends.

